Preferences : background music , volume , cursor speed and brightness can be adjusted .
background music , volume , cursor speed and brightness can be
the use of the keyboard or clicking on a compass at bottom left of the screen .
areas are navigable .
the central point is yellow means that there are activities to be done at that scene .
there are activities to be done at that scene
the cursor changes to a single small circle during a 'wait ' period for completion of a task
a lit zigzag line over an active spot , a crosshair for a closer examination and 2 circles over an item that can be picked up .
items picked up can only be carried within an area
and is return to its original location when it is outside its range .
it is outside its range
the top bar shows the 3 Data Visor
icons and the rightmost Options icon .
the Data Visor icons are the interpreter that translates Chinese characters
an international conglomerate Mega Media headed by Hal Davis
is given the contract for the excavation of the Li Shan site where the tomb of Qin Shi Huangdi , the first Emperor of China is located .
the tomb of Qin Shi Huangdi , the first Emperor of China is located
the tomb contains 6000 terra
cotta warriors standing guard .
the underground city is filled with booby traps .
You fall in a deep hole with a view of the skies above the hole
the west is a horned statue and at the opposite side is a bird .
The walkway is lined by warriors on both sides
the character 'fire ' on the right side of the doorway to highlight it red .
See a large black boulder drop down at the other end of the room and water starts to flow
and go forward to the black boulder .
using the interpreter , the symbols on left side of the 'door ' character are the words
: man-person and bar-one .
'door ' are the words : market and separate .
far right and place it under the 'door ' character to get door separate or open .
the boulder moves down to close the entryway
you came in and opens the way to the courtyard .
Master builder Lu 's report to the Emperor .
courtyard On the right side is a waterwheel complex
and a goose statue lamp ( archive : Science and Technology ) in front of a red walled complex .
the center is the palace seen at a distance .
dragons in front .
the Dragon Jug ( seismograph ) and go to the bridge .
At the middle of the bridge turn right and see a small goose statue lamp on top of a post
it and it will illuminate the giant counterpart across the courtyard .
characters written on them
holes on the torso .
the statue is the colored representation of the internal organs of the man .
done correctly , the statue 's eyes light up .
the Feng Shui guidelines described in the archive .
, mountains and rocks .
water with bridge .
astronomy room- ( archive : Astronomy ) Move forward 2xs , translate the script and watch the red and blue orbs
cross each other 's path .
the armillary sphere 's ring to see it
4 layers and a plate floating on top .
translate the script -To open the gates of the palace
must first learn the secrets of the four rooms .
the spoon must find him.Take thegold plate
Turn right 2x and forward to crossbow
the bridge , forward and slight left to the warriors by the shed .
it becomes active and click to fire the arrow .
( archive : Economy , public works ) Cross the bridge and go to the closest waterwheel
the bamboo pipe water system is missing .
has the mercury character on it .
Move forward once and turn right
Go to the lit giant goose lamp and then turn left
enter the gate , see the smelter
turn right and forward 3xs to enter the Crafts area .
Casting- Look close at the green bucket on the table
left red seal .
Go back to the smelting area
place the following items into the central furnace - coal from the left bin closest to the central furnace
fire from the right of the furnace and iron from the left of the coal bin .
golden plate in front of the gates of the palace by walking or using the transport mode ( black squares ) on the map for immediate teleportation .
There are 2 doors on either side that are accessible
musical Instrument room- ( archive : Five Sounds ) Check and play the flute
the left are bells and a robe .
a statue carrying an umbrella .
a backdrop of the mountain surrounding the city .
them transform into other characters .
emperor 's Bedroom- Translate the characters on the table to show Ying Zheng
the right and listen to different opinions about the emperor given by the 3 statues .
take the cinnabar , place it on the pot and see it flow out as liquidmercuryand gaseous
sulfur oxide - one source of mercury for the elixir later on .
recreation room- Click on the theatre curtain and watch the story of the archer
his wife , hare and the moon .
and see game of Go .
The name of the emperor is etched on the table
forward to the other stairs at the end of the building .
to Yang Po , wandering scholar ; Li Chi , the Emperor 's concubine and Han Fei
the Emperor 's decisions are made and carried out .
to solve the rest of the puzzles .
he did not know how to complete the circle .
and go to the next room .
mathematics room- ( archive : Culture , mathematics ) Enter and see a table with green gong
stand and numbered green bar .
stand .
and the question disappears to be replaced by another on the top bar .
an altar appears that has brown vase
flower ( precious offering ) , green jug and chicken ( animal sacrifice ) .
the chicken-animal sacrifice , go back down to the Altar room and place it on the right side character .
them which correspond to the musical symbols on the steps of the stairs .
done correctly a door opens to the underground .
the stairs and see a well with a 'the way ' character on the rim .
thesacred fungusfloating on top - necessary for elixir of immortality preparation and it will disappear .
top - necessary for elixir of immortality preparation and it will disappear
this 'the way ' well is similar to the 'the
way ' by the waterwheel at the Courtyard .
has been visited before .
the well with the stairs on your back , there are 3 sink holes .
sink holes and then click right .
unlabeled sink hole at the middle of the other sink holes and the 'poison ' hole on the right of the well .
unlabeled sink hole .
the small bridge and enter a large chamber with potteries .
go towards the large ornate door once , turn right and translate the words on the wall -As he proceeds through the fog
the explorer 's best friend is the steadfast compass .
he turns , see what he sees , from feet to the head to the right of Pangu .
he sees , from feet to the head to the right of Pangu
There is a sarcophagus with a jade body on top and a lit door with inscription on the other side
right side is north and feet to the west ( as shown by the west character at the outside chamber ) .
the center and then click to get a close view .
position the points based on the words
seen outside -from feet to the head to the right of Pangu .
correctly done , the view will go out of close view and a sound is heard .
correctly done , the view will go out of close view
immortality later .
and see potteries on shelves on both side of the room , a platform at the center , a door on the left wall and the throne
the lotus lever and see the platform descend .
the dragon , down to a door at the descended platform .
Cross the bridge , look left to the water and see tiles at the middle of the lake .
goes up to the waterwheel at the courtyard .
the aim of the puzzle is to show places in the next realm .
right tile of top row and see the 4 colored tiles .
The walled area is made out of 4 halls at each corner with the well at the center
the 'the way ' well can transport you to another realm
previously visited. & nbsp ; Look at each hall and read the philosophy inscribed on the walls .
here ( South path ) there are 2 other exits shown by wood slats on the wall
the Mohism room and Confucianism room .
the walk through the paths , read the writings on the walkway .
once , left , forward to the end of the dock .
the dock and see a fish-koi .
you watch long enough it will jump from the water to the dock .
you watch long enough
it and it will disappear - this gives themother of pearlnecessary for the elixir of immortality .
- this gives themother of pearlnecessary for the elixir of immortality .
the bridge and forward until the house .
clicking on the pictures on the wall .
the left path goes back to the 4 halls
a raised area darkly shaded by the willow tree .
the inscription on the tree trunk -the root in the form of a man helps give long life .
and see a floating tangram puzzle .
the puzzle is finished , turn around and forward to the words on the tree trunk
and see aginseng root- another ingredient for the elixir .
it and it will disappear .
to the music again , click outside the vessel flute .
and read the inscription on the wall .
you see a telescope .
this is the house
seen on the river while walking around .
the words of Lu , master builder floating on the river .
using the vertical and horizontal sliders .
( see picture ) and nudge the horizontal slider until the big dipper is at the center .
the right does not work .
the end of the bridge , see the 'the way ' pool to get back to the other realms visited .
Yi , the archer , his wife Chang E , elixir of immortality , hare and the moon .
you also disappears .
and click on it .
the palace ( sink hole area ) , then use the transport
the map to get to the throne room and walk down to subterranean lake .
, look at the bamboo pipes by the furnace and see that there is a gap .
there is a gap
the gap of the bamboo pipes .
the small boat and go back to the furnace .
and go to the courtyard .
Go to the left waterwheel and the water transport from the subterranean lake
the gold get released to the river .
the gold in the furnace first , then coal and then fire .
the mold , see a close up and then click forward .
See the dragon blow fire and an ornate sarcophagus rises from the platform
you enter the door now it is one of the possible endings ( see 1 below ) .
now it is one of the possible endings ( see 1 below
turn around .
the throne is now accessible .
he wants you to prepare the elixir of immortality and give it to the spirit of the Earth to restore harmony to the Middle Kingdom
any of the panel is empty , go back and get them .
left to right panel : 1 .
dock in the Philosophy and Religion realm .
the 'the way ' well at the sink holes in the Underground of the Palace .
the palace or the cinnabar taken from Sacred mountains and placed in the subterranean lake furnace .
you have all of them click on either arrow and the 'elixir of immortality'will be on your cursor .
them click on either arrow and the 'elixir of immortality'will be on your cursor .
the newsfeed shows that the Chinese Prime Minister made the capital
revealed only dust and all artifacts gone .
making the elixir , go to the lit door on the left wall of the throne room. & nbsp ; Hear Hal Davis say that if you have the potion to get out of the tomb area now because of seismic activities and you maybe trapped here .
you have the potion
of seismic activities and you maybe trapped here
the elixir enter the door .
the newsfeed reports about the war in China , Hal Davis getting the communication monopoly in China
Amazonian rain forest destruction and Hal Davis showing signs of Immortality .
making the elixir , go right , forward to the end of the right wall , turn left and see the sarcophagus of the Emperor with an earth sphere floating on top .
the newsfeed about a reclusive leader , consolidation of Taiwan and China , the Chinese leader rise to world power
making the elixir , go right , forward to the end of the right wall , turn left and see the sarcophagus of the Emperor with an earth sphere floating on top .
China , China 's rejection of Hal Davis ' offer to explore the tombs a second time , peace among warring countries , environmental good news and dying Hal Davis .
this document may not be distributed without express written permission of the author
and the content may not be altered in any way .
Chris Van Zyl From South Africa & nbsp ; & nbsp ; When you start the game
you start the game
you are in the town of Spielburg
talk to the sheriff about everything .
everything and leave the inn .
the book and look at the book .
there are some
wanted notes hanging here .
everything and buy two empty flask bottles and a food ration .
a fox in a trap , free him .
5 apples from hilde .
give him the apples .
you something you will need later on for your trouble .
and you will see a man standing against the wall .
talk to him and give him
talk to him about everything [ Thief : touch man ] and go [ N ]
This is the healer 's cottage .
the door and talk to the healer about everything .
500 mushrooms and go back to the healer 's house .
she will say that 's enough
but she will forget to stop paying you .
notice the bird in the nest on the branch of the large oak
there are two solutions to this puzzle .
a fetch spell and go back to the healer 's house .
you have the ring , return it to the healer .
you have the ring
you have
them all and then pick up 50 rocks
] Walk back to town .
the sheriff 's gone or rest until sun set , go to the inn and sit at the table .
everything and buy him a meal .
everything and buy yourself a meal .
you 're done , [ Fighter : pay shameen for a night 's rest ] [ Magic user : leave and go to the magic shop .
you 're done , [ Fighter : pay shameen for a night 's rest
go back to the inn .
a night 's rest ] [ Thief : Leave inn and rest 30MIN .
the ally ready to rob you .
they make their move , touch them .
they make their move
you for one of their own and give you the password to get into the thief 's guild .
notice the ugly looking dude sitting on a chair at the left side of the bar
go to him and ask him about thief 's guild .
the thief 's guild , you 'll encounter the boss .
about the times being so hard and then turns his attention to you .
the room and buy a toolkit and a license .
you are a registered thief
, talk to the boss about everything .
him and win 4 times .
the other street , next to the magic shop , you can enter the old lady 's house to steal some more .
the other street , next to the magic shop , you can enter the old lady 's
walk to the hero 's tail inn and pay for a night 's
rest ] & nbsp ; Day 2 & nbsp ; The next day
leave the town .
and buy an undead potion .
[ Magic user : buy five mana pills ] Leave the house and go [ S4X
] Leave and go [ W5X ] to the dryad .
seed from a plant .
you 'll have to climb a rock
you ca n't get it
drink a mana pill and try again ] Go back to the dryad [ S3X\W2X\S3X\W ] and give her the seed .
again ] Go back to the dryad [ S3X\W2X\S3X\W ] and give her the seed .
, you will get information
you will certainly need .
the dryad disappears .
you get there , eat a fruit
there , eat a fruit
get some flowers .
[ Magic user : cast an open spell to move the stone and get the scroll in the hole
] Leave and run [ W\S4X\W4X\S\W ] Talk to the meeps about everything .
it ] Get the fur and leave .
[ E3X\S2X\E3X ] Here is a ledge with a door .
the cave , talk to henry the hermit about everything .
a spell and get it ] Leave the cave .
you win , search them .
, search them .
you want a new battle go down and rest .
you want a new battle
dark and go down to the mushroom ground .
them to get some dust .
the rest of the night at erana 's garden .
W\S4X\E ] to the healer and give her the ingredients for the dispel potion .
you 'll have to leave the healer
alone while she prepares the potion .
she prepares the potion .
it 's mid-afternoon
get the dispel potion .
buy 5 healing and 5 stamina pills ] Leave and go [ E2X\N\W\N\E2X ] You will come to an open ground
you are at the house .
you a riddle , so you better answer it right .
you 're in , go up the stairs .
, go up the stairs .
you win , you will get a spell ] Stand and leave .
you win , you will get a spell
, you will get a spell
everything and give him the gem .
you pass
[ Say : hut of brown now sit down
] Baba yaga is a pretty mean witch
she 'll change you into a frog to eat you .
she has an assignment for you
you have to bring her some mandrake root
growing in the town graveyard exactly at midnight .
the large rock and leave .
Run [ E4X ] from the goblin ground and [ N ] to the castle
everything and touch the gate .
you see the fight master , talk to him about everything .
you see the fight master
[ Magic user : buy 5 mana
pills ] Here comes the boring part
you have to improve your skills greatly before you can accomplish your hero mission .
you can accomplish your hero mission .
night in town , you can learn picklock skill at old lady 's
at night , you can climb tree at healer 's
every midday you can go to castle and fight with fight master
your stuff ] Rest and kill goblins .
needed .
throw all your rocks and then pick up 100 rocks ] run [ W\N4X\E2X ] to the cave and fight the troll
he 's dead , search him .
he 's dead
cast open and take money ] Go in the cave and you will see a big bear
him a ration and go further in the cave .
the key and the money ] [ Fighter : go near the cobolt and throw rocks at him until a key appears .
you bump into a chest .
sword and take money ] [ Thief : sneak up to cobolt and take key .
you bump into chest .
chest and take money .
the castle , talk to the baron and baronet about everything and leave .
the castle and walk to town and into the bar .
the paper and leave town .
bruno leave , [ Thief
, then go down and up again to the dead man .
may be .
you go over wall
go down and climb again ] Go through the hole witch you came earlier and go up and down .
again ] Go through the hole witch you came earlier and go up and down
the door and fight the troll .
he 's dead , search him 3X .
he 's dead
leave the cave and run [ N6X\E2X\N2X\E ] Now walk [ W\E
] and fight monsters .
now and then .
Run [ S4X\E ] to the healer and give the claws and the beards to her
leave and go [ S3X\W3X\S ] Go through the cave and go in the brigand 's
fortress by bashing the gate open .
your way carefully , you may fall over traps
the room , close the door behind you .
there until the men are gone .
it gets barred .
working with the chair , some bad guys will enter from one of the remaining doors .
their almost near you , push the candelabra to bar their way .
their on the other side of the table , climb the table and get the rope .
the chandelier fall on them , exit through the north door before more bad guys comes in .
them , exit through the north door before more bad guys comes in
now you are in the anteroom of the brigand
looks like a toyshop .
and he 'll become quite friendly .
you 'll pass a maze
and end up at the right side of the room .
to the right hand door , then move to the door which the chain opened .
the chain opened
you make it in time
you 'll end up at the left hand side of the room again , but near a different door .
the door fall , open the door .
the brigand leader 's office , facing the big bad guy .
him and before your eyes , the brigand leader will change into elsa the lost baron 's child .
looking quite happy .
he came from , that 's the secret way out .
, that 's the secret way out .
elsa will tell you
she 's leaving with yorick
but she 'll offer you a mirror and two healing potions .
you a mirror and two healing potions .
there is one more bad creature
you have to deal with , the big bad baba yaga .
brown and go in .
she tries to turn you into a frog again , use the mirror on her .
now you 're in the castle where everyone 's waiting for you
everyone 's waiting for you
talk to the gaurd .
you reach a rock with a pig head .
you reach the oasis .
you see monsters or brigands , fight them .
you see monsters or brigands
you kill them
search them .
scorpion tail , get ghoul claws .
you can drink
water there and rest for 1 hour .
the conversation , ask the man about his price and bargain with him .
him about the map , compass and moneychanger .
it 's mid-morning .
to you and buy dirt at the plant katta .
name , druggist , pills , ingredients , flame , incense , fire elemental , earth elemental , earth , dispel potion , fruit , hair , feather .
the palace plaza and go to the left ally .
second right door ] After the conversation tell the man about your past .
the palace plaza and go in the right ally .
the first right door ] Knock on the door and complete the wizard 's questions .
ask about elementals and each one of them
rest until the evening .
The next day , sit and eat
here you 'll find rakeesh , a paladin
warrior , sultan , rasier , rumor , shapier , kingdom , magic , hero , leg , demon , wizard , aziza .
: guild , baby , rakeesh , monsters .
quests .
you are tired , leave the guild and use the map .
you are tired , leave the guild
the astrologer and ask him about your future .
the inn and go to your room .
you reach the tree .
you reach the griffin .
the mountain and move it .
a feather and ride back to shapier .
you are tired , leave the guild and use the map .
you are tired , leave the guild
the inn and go to your room .
The next day , sit at the table .
[ Now every time you get tired , leave the guild
and use the map .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit at the table and eat .
The next day , sit and call for food
the fire and quickly go in the ally .
the incense is finish .
the lamp on the ground and use the waterskin on the fire elemental .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and call for food .
The next day , sit and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit at the table and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
money to the beggar and the music katta ] Use the map and click on the guild hall .
you get reward , give it back to lion ] Fight with uhura until you are tired , leave the guild and use the map
you are tired , leave the guild
the apothecary shop and just leave .
there until omar is finish talking
apothecary shop and leave .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
the palace plaza and go down .
you see the air elemental , try to throw dirt in the center of it .
you see the air elemental
the candle burn at the inn , sit at the table .
The next day , sit and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
the city and to the inn and rest for one hour in your room .
the candle burn at night at the inn , eat and sleep in your room until dawn .
The next day , sit at the table .
the candle burn at the inn and after the conversation , call for food and eat .
you ] Go to your room and sleep until dawn .
The next day , sit and eat
earth elemental , nature , flaming sword , soulforge , paladin .
the magic shop and just leave .
you see the earth elemental .
you defeat it , get the earth elemental .
tell about the earth elemental .
you enter , get off the saurus
and go to the dervish .
the message , leave and ride to shapier .
the fruit and say farewell .
you reach the beast .
him and give him some water .
the saurus and go to the oasis .
him about the beast and give him the fruit .
him and give food to him .
the beast and give the dispel potion to him .
The next day , sit at the table and eat
the fighter 's plaza and go down .
usual , fight with uhura in the guild .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sleep until dawn in your room .
The next day , sit at the table and call for food
the candle burn at night at the inn , sleep until dawn in your room .
The next day , sit at the table and eat
it 's dark and the candle burn at night at the inn , leave the inn .
it 's dark and the candle burn at night at the inn
] Walk near the door and open it
The next day , sit at the table and eat
your room and leave the inn .
the candle burn at the inn and Later , call for food .
rasier and after the conversation , say yes to the man 's question .
you see it 's dark .
ugarte leaves , then ask ferrari about : rasier , palace , emir , fountain , khaveen , room , order .
: rasier , palace , emir , fountain , khaveen , room , order .
you see some men , go down .
you see some men
the conversation , go down and up through the ally until you are stopped by a girl .
you are stopped by a girl
you see it 's dark .
the dungeon , tell the katta about shapier and show him the pin .
you are stopped by a spell
the conversation , tell your friend about the star and the mirror .
the cave , use the lamp and go left .
the conversation , go down .
you see a glow , get the ring .
you see a glow
the palace , go down .
your sword is dropped , get it .
he drops it .
talk to the guard .
you reach a rock with a pig head .
you reach the oasis .
drink some water and go right and up to the mountain
and down to the other mountain .
you see monsters or brigands , fight them .
you see monsters or brigands
you kill them
search them .
you can drink
water there and rest for 1 hour .
the conversation , ask the man about his price and bargain with him .
him about the map , compass and moneychanger .
it 's mid-morning
to you and buy dirt at the plant katta .
: shop , spell , magic , aziza , wit , astrologer , air elemental , dervish , beard .
name , druggist , pills , ingredients , flame , incense , fire elemental , earth elemental , earth , dispel potion , fruit , hair , feather .
second right door ] After the conversation , tell the man about your past .
them , element , sultan , omen , astrologer , tree , djinn , rasier , emir , darkness , magic , nature .
The next day , sit and eat
here you 'll find rakeesh , a paladin
warrior , leg , demon , wizard , kingdom , magic , aziza , shapier , sultan , rasier .
: guild , baby , rakeesh , monsters .
quests .
you 're tired , leave the guild and use the map .
you 're tired , leave the guild
the astrologer and ask him about your future .
you reach the tree .
you reach the griffin .
the mountain and move it .
a feather and ride back to shapier .
you 're tired , leave the guild and use the map .
you 're tired , leave the guild
The next day , sit at the table .
[ Now every time you get tired , leave the guild
and use the map .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit at the table and eat .
The next day , sit and call for food
the fire and quickly go in the ally .
the incense is finish .
the lamp on the ground and use the waterskin on the fire elemental .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and call for food .
The next day , sit and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit at the table and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
the fighter 's plaza and go in the weapon shop .
you see the air elemental , try to throw dirt in the center of it .
you see the air elemental
the candle burn at the inn , sit at the table .
The next day , sit and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the city and to the inn and rest for one hour in your room .
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , eat and sleep until dawn in your room .
The next day , sit at the table and ask shema about sharaf
the candle burn at the inn and after the conversation , call for food and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
earth elemental , nature , flame .
the magic shop and just leave .
you see the earth elemental .
you enter , get off the saurus
and go to the dervish .
the message , leave and ride to shapier .
the fruit and say farewell .
you reach the beast .
him and give him some water .
the saurus and go to the oasis .
him about the beast and give him the fruit .
him and give food to him .
the beast and give the dispel potion to him .
The next day , sit at the table and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sleep until dawn in your room .
The next day , sit at the table and call for food
the candle burn at night at the inn , sleep until dawn in your room .
The next day , sit at the table and eat
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
sit at the table and eat
the first test is in a dark room where you will have to use detect magic
you will have to use detect magic
fetch and trigger .
to the path of wizardry .
an open spell , then cast the calm spell .
closing the door ( another fetch spell ) cast a force bolt at the upper half of the door .
you have finished
this , you will be accepted as an initiate in W.I.T .
they ask you to stay , say no .
they ask you to stay
your room and leave the inn .
the candle burn at the inn and later , call for food .
rasier and after the conversation , say yes to the man 's question .
you see it 's dark .
: rasier , palace , emir , fountain , khaveen , room , order .
you see some men , go down .
you see some men
the conversation , go down and up through the ally until you are stopped by a girl .
you are stopped by a girl
you see it 's dark .
the dungeon , tell the katta about shapier and show him the pin .
the ally run [ L , R , L ] until you are stopped by a spell .
you are stopped by a spell
the cliff and cast the levitate spell .
the animation go down .
you see a glow , get the ring .
you see a glow
[ use two wishes ] The third wish
wish for teleport to iblis .
the palace go down .
the palace , cast the calm spell and the levitate spell .
talk to the guard .
you reach a rock with a pig head .
you reach the oasis .
drink some water and go right and up to the mountain
and down to the other mountain .
you see monsters or brigands , fight them .
you see monsters or brigands
you kill them
search them .
scorpion tail , get ghoul claws .
you can drink
water there and rest for 1 hour .
the conversation , ask the man about his price and bargain with him .
him about the map , compass and moneychanger .
it 's mid-morning .
to you and buy dirt at the plant katta .
name , druggist , pills , ingredients , flame , incense , fire elemental , earth elemental , earth , powder , dispel potion , fruit , hair , feather .
the palace plaza and go in the left ally .
the conversation tell the man about your past .
the palace plaza and go in the right ally .
them , element , magic , nature , sultan , astrologer , tree , djinn , rasier , emir , darkness .
The next day , sit and eat
here you 'll find rakeesh , a paladin
warrior , sultan , rasier , rumor , shapier , kingdom , magic , hero , leg , demon , wizard , aziza .
: guild , baby , rakeesh , monsters .
quests .
you are tired , leave the guild and use the map .
you are tired , leave the guild
you reach the tree .
you reach the griffin .
the mountain and look under it .
you 're tired , leave the guild and use the map .
you 're tired , leave the guild
the inn and go to bed .
the inn and rest for one hour in your room until it 's the middle of the night .
it 's the middle of the night
the closet and open the door .
The next day , sit at the table .
[ Now every time you get tired , leave the guild
and use the map .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit at the table and eat .
The next day , sit and call for food
the fire and quickly go in the ally .
the incense is finish .
the lamp on the ground and use the waterskin on it .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and call for food .
the inn and sleep until dawn in your room .
Th next day , sit and eat
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit at the table and eat .
The next day , leave the inn .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
the palace plaza and go down .
you see the air elemental , try to throw dirt in the center off it .
you see the air elemental
[ Cross the rope until he 's bank robbed ] Use the map
and click on the inn .
leave the inn .
the candle burn at the inn , sit at the table .
The next day , sit and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the city and to the inn and rest for one hour in your room .
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , eat and sleep until dawn in your room .
The next day , sit at the table .
the candle burn at the inn and after the conversation , call for food and eat .
The next day , sit and eat
earth elemental , nature , flame .
the apothecary shop and talk to harik .
the powder and say yes .
you see the earth elemental .
you defeat it , get the earth elemental .
you enter , get off the saurus
and go to the dervish .
the message , leave and ride to shapier .
the fruit and say farewell .
you reach the beast .
him and give him some water .
the saurus and go to the oasis .
him about the beast and give him the fruit .
him and give food to him .
the beast and give the dispel potion to him .
Th next day , sit at the table and eat
the guild hall and fight with uhura .
the candle burn at night at the inn , sleep until dawn in your room .
The next day , sit at the table and call for food
the candle burn at night at the inn , call for food .
Th next day , sit at the table and eat
the candle burn at night at the inn , sit and eat .
Th next day , sit at the table and eat
your room and leave the inn .
the candle burn at the inn and later , call for food .
rasier and after the conversation , say yes to the man 's question .
you see it 's dark .
ugarte leave 's .
rasier , palace , emir , fountain , khaveen , room , order , inn , thief .
you see some men , go down .
you see some men
the conversation , go down and up through the ally until you are stopped by a girl .
you are stopped by a girl
you see it 's dark .
and use the rope on the open window .
climb and inside the room
use sneak .
you walk and do n't wake the man .
the bird and close the door .
the dungeon tell the katta about shapier and show him the pin .
pin and friend .
you are stopped by a spell
the conversation tell the man about the star and the mirror .
the cliff and use the rope .
the animation go down .
you see a glow , get the ring .
you see a glow
[ use two wishes ] The third wish
wish for teleport to iblis .
the palace sneak down .
then to the doorway .
the last pillar , throw two daggers at ad avis to knock him off the balcony
, we find ourselves in Shapeir
the Katta 's Tail Inn , talking to Abdulla .
him and he will tell you
you should explore the town .
this effectively you will need a map of the town layout .
the Inn is n't the place to look for such a thing
so we decide to leave this place .
when exiting the Inn , we enter a plaza
, and in one corner there is a fellow trying to sell some junk
like ashtrays , t-shirts , maps.. Hey - did he say map ?
's exactly what we need now !
we need now
talking the man we soon find out that the money
spielburg is n't accepted here !
, there is a moneychanger in this town
, and if you follow the instructions Ali Chicha gives you , you will eventually find her .
you follow the instructions
you , you will eventually find her
exchanging your money for Shapeir money , return to the stand of Ali Chicha .
we have taken the first step
to exploring the town .
the following 12 or so days , all we 'll have to do is to defeat several elementals attacking the town .
a such , You will first have to find where it 's located .
it 's located .
you can ask , Keapon Laffin and Aziza .
, you will have to use the spell Detect magic to locate a certain cul-de-sac .
inside WIT you will be asked why you seek admittance
you seek admittance
( answer something like magic ) , and will be asked to choose a mentor .
different persons , among them Aziza .
but she says
she do n't know you well enough .
, he seems to remember
you , and despite much moaning from other Wizards , he can be chosen as your mentor .
, all you have to do is to pass those tests.The
first test is in a dark room , where you will have to use detect magic , fetch and trigger to perform what Erasmus ask youto do .
you will have to use detect magic
Erasmus ask youto do .
to the path of Wizardry .
there , however , no matter what the other wizards say .
the other wizards say
you identify yourself as a thief
her directions , and remember to lift the rug .
the Fighter will later be given the opportunity to join the EOF
( ask the adventurers ' guild manager about this ) , but it will take some time before this happens .
, just follow the instructions
you 're going to be 'executed '
In the town there are the following locations of interestThe saurus pen
you can buy your own riding saurus on day 2
or 3.The Katta 's Tail Inn Retire here when it 's time to sleep .
it 's time to sleep
you can buy pills
and sell different ingredients .
you can also buy the incense
that will be needed do defeat the fire elemental later on .
this is his specialty .
this shop is run by Keapon Laffin
a person attuned to the element of air .
well as spells and a magic rope .
asked for , he will give away fool 's earth .
, he will give away fool 's earth
you can fill your waterskins
, get dirt from the florist , but a brass lamp to contain a fire elemental and buy food.Aziza .
you answer her questions .
you can then then get information about the different elementals
and the enchanted tree in the desert .
she tells something about all the elementals
she is most attuned to the element of water.Palace plaza .
I think
this is the place to buy a cloth bag
that will be used to store a earth elemental later on .
you 're given as a gift after defeating the elementals.Fighter plaza
here you should find Rakeesh , a paladin
you a magical , flaming sword to defeat the earth elemental .
you 'bout the element of earth.Blacksmith .
this man sells swords and daggers
and also like arm wrestling .
his sign hangs the bellows that you will use to capture the air elemental.Adventurers ' guild .
you will use to capture the air elemental.Adventurers '
you can train , sign your name in the book
, and find different quests on the board.Astrologer .
you can get your future
told here .
there 's anything more to do , I admit I missed it.Moneychanger .
have been said , you change money here and get assignments if a thief.Nest of the griffin .
entering the desert .
scare the griffin away , and then use the magic rope
or levitate to get a feather .
entering the desert to get here.Oasis of the dervish .
to find this place .
to the quest When you 've familiarized yourself with the Town , the elementals should start to appear.The first one is the fire elemental
you 've familiarized yourself with the Town , the elementals should start to appear.The first one
that will ravage the gates plaza one day after it 's first heard of .
this hot- head , get some incense that you spread on the ground .
you spread on the ground
the elemental into the alley and place the brass lamp on the ground .
You run out of incense , use a full waterskin to force the elemental into the lamp .
You run out of incense
, you now have a magic lamp !
Four days later , an air elemental will appear in the palace plaza .
you throw some at him , he 'll be paralyzed for a while .
him , he 'll be paralyzed for a while .
can be encountered anywhere buy in the plazas .
it , you 'll have to use fire .
the two ways to do this is to use either the flame dart
spell or Rakeesh 's Soulforge .
a cloth bag.The last threat to the city is a water elemental appearing in the fountain- tain .
it can then be captured in an empty waterskin.The
last important thing to do before leaving with the caravan to Raseir is to have Harik make dispel potions .
this , he needs some ingredientsss- dients .
for one.The missing ingredient is the 'Fruit of Compassion ' .
this , you will need to visit Aziza and ask her on the plant .
Aziza and ask her on the plant .
telling it about yourself .
it a hug and tell her her name .
entering the town , enter the Blue Parrot .
there you 'll find the head
of the thieves ' guild in Raseir - a really slimy guy .
she can get out of the city
, but we 're supposed to be heroes , are n't we ?
, and then you 'll get a mirror in exchange
, and wait 'till the guard disappears .
the prison Remember the pin the Katta gave you ?
talking to the Katta in the cell ( and showing him the pin ) You skillfully use the pin to pick the lock to the cell .
you a secret passage leading out of here .
the other end you will part , just to run into Ad Avis .
you and you will suddenly find yourself in the lost city .
itself , you 'll have to help it a bit .
the help of the mirror , the stars will suddenly be in the correct positions and the door to the crypt will open .
the help of the mirror , the stars will suddenly be in the correct positions
you to go into the crypt .
this time Water is the first to oppose you as an underwater stream
block your way .
now and then there floats past a log , could this be of any help ?
the other side of the stream there 's a hole in the wall which creates a strong wind .
creates a strong wind .
the hole , and you 've negated the second element .
there it helps to keep cool - if you find this hard , you should pour something on yourself .
you find this hard
the other side of the lava you will find a cliff and a door below it .
, use the rope or the spell levitate .
you approach
the door , it will start asking nosy questions .
the answer is 'Suleiman '
( Ben Daoud , I think ) The only thing now standing between you and the statue of Iblis is the treasury .
Ben Daoud , I think
you and the statue of Iblis is the treasury
those goodies , and you 'll get through this room without problems .
the statue of Iblis is located .
the final battle Just before you reach the statue
Ad Avis appears out of thin air .
he then seal the cave
and leave you there to die .
you there to die
, Ad Avis has mis- interpreted the prophecy
, and when looking carefully you will find a ring on a stalagmite , containing 'He who is left behind ' .
carefully you will find a ring on a stalagmite
this being is a djinn
and has the power to grant wishes .
you have three
, you can use two to improve your character
while using the last to teleport back to Raseir .
, you again meet the Katta from the cell
, and he tells you that you should sneak into the palace while the Kattas keeps the guards busy .
sneaking to the palace , you see a handkerchief
tied to the battlement .
the hanky is .
a long scene , you will sneak past the eunuchs guarding the harem .
a long scene , you will sneak past the eunuchs
we find ourselves
watching how Ad Avis is freeing Iblis .
Ad Avis is freeing Iblis
it is essential to stop him from finishing the ritual
and since you cant get him from here , you must use the rope to get to the tower .
you cant get him
here , you must use the rope
there , you can throw a dagger at one of the candles
and break the spell .
you duck , and throw daggers
him , you should be able to kill him .
You begin the game in tarna
whenever you talk to someone
just skip the words and always say good-bye after a conversation .
[ Talk ] [ Magic user : open package and read paper ]
Leave the magic house and walk way upstairs to the temple .
you have testified , talk to the lion on your right
change your money .
you want to buy things , always talk and try to bargain with them
you want to buy things
you and buy 2 waterskins and a fruit .
buy oil and black bird ] Buy a tinderbox and buy honey at the honeyseller
and give the note to the katta .
this dog , bargain with him until there is one cent .
there is one cent
it is the waterfall
] Run to the small mount .
the wood and save the game .
a blue creature comes , talk .
the next day put out the fire
and return to the small mount .
you get caught by the vine , use the sword on it .
you get caught by the vine
] At the hall of judgement , swear oath and talk about rakeesh .
the simbani village , greet the man .
climb the bridge and cross the bridge ] Say good-bye and go down 2X
cast detect spell ] Leave and go in the village
until dark ] [ Go to the bridge and climb it .
until dark ] Go in the village and go to uhura 's house .
[ Talk ] Leave and go to your room
and sleep .
climb bridge and talk
now and then ] [ Magic user : hang on bridge to improve skill .
it 's dark go down and listen to the storyteller .
you see bird , follow it and then leave .
up to the old lady .
you see the thief , agree to meet him .
you see the thief
you see monsters fight them , if you kill them search them .
you see monsters fight
you kill them search them
it 's dark .
and walk to the inn .
you see two seats open sit at the table .
the other guy come 's , talk to him .
[ Thief : make sign ] Talk
and give him a meat .
to be paladin , click money pouch on thief and watch honor grow ] Say good-bye and go to the inn
it 's dark , walk down to the market place and talk to the thief .
it 's dark , walk down to the market
him a meat and say good-bye .
the next day leave the inn
and go to the magic house .
it 's dark , walk to the market place and talk to the thief .
the table and talk .
many rocks and throw them .
it 's dark , [ Magic user : thief : go to tarna and to the market place .
, [ Magic user : thief : go to tarna and to the market place .
not yet morning , go sleep in your room ] Walk up to the tree and talk to yesufu .
you are friends
you have beaten girl
and she 's not there
go down and go left .
throw spear ] Leave the village
run and go right to the jungle .
the ball starts talking , talk .
you see a monkey in a cage , free him and talk to him .
you see a monkey in a cage
save game and set skill control on high
you see an apeman fight it .
you see an apeman
a leapordman ] Go left to the forest .
you see blue flower .
still dark go to pond .
it 's day
run around .
stand ] [ Thief : Fighter : Paladin : go to the left screen to the pond .
day , run around until dark .
stand ] Leave the tree and run back to tarna .
magic house ] Go to the inn and sleep in your room .
it 's dark , go to the inn and sleep in your room
the apothecary shop and buy the dispel potion .
and talk to yesufu .
the next day go up to the cage
and talk to yesufu .
you see a saurus .
something else , restore game .
you want to win
the initation , ask the laibon for the drum .
it 's dark .
talk to the man .
and go back .
you are being watched .
watched
you are being watched .
watched
it 's dark use sneak .
and get the drum .
it 's still dark ] Make camp and build fire .
tell about peace ] At the village , talk and say good-bye .
later , greet leapordman and tell about peace ]
[ Fighter : Paladin : greet leapordman and give drum .
the animation , [ Fighter : if honor is high , you will be a paladin ] go to the forest .
honor is high , you will be a paladin ]
tree , [ Magic user : cast levitate ] [ Thief : use grapnel on tree ] [ Fighter : Paladin : climb tree ] Give some fruit to the monkey and talk .
you and talk .
you and tell monkey about rope
] While you are going to the city you will be attacked by a monster .
] While you are going to the city
fight monster ] At the city , talk
climb wall to upper statue and get the gem
it ] [ Magic user : cast fetch spell on upper statue to get gem ] Look at the picture on the wall and use the gem .
door on far side of room ] [ Thief : sneak to door and use oil on it .
fight monster ] Go through the door and use the dispel potion on the demon
the mirrors , do n't fight just stand still .
the tower , [ Magic user : cast lightning spell on demon .
climb pillar and use grapnel on other pillar
self and on statue .
you 're caught
You start the game in a deadly cave
cross the pit with the rope , crossing hand over hand ] [ Thief : walk the tightrope across the pit
] [ Magic user : use the cloth on self and levitate spell to fly across the pit ] Leave the pit cave at the left of the screen .
meeting katrina , take the octopus-like shape ( Dark One Sign ) from the bottom of the arch .
rest 60min and run through the forest [
N5X\E\N ] towards the town .
you and take a corn on your right .
the staff area , pick some flowers .
[ Always say
good bye after conversation ] Go to the inn and speak with the innkeeper .
you do this
correctly , the door will open .
the hallway , open the door on the right .
the control panel , set the speed to low ] Open the door on the left .
the control panel , set the speed to high ] You now have the key .
you have done this , unlock the door
and enter dr. cranium 's lab .
speak with dr. cranium , [ Magic user : ask about magic and you will receive the glide
spell ] then ask him about science .
read the books on the bookshelves .
the desk and read the logbook .
it 's to easy ]
pick up the rope and grapnel
you leave ] [ Paladin
at the coat hooks on the right .
follows : Click on the skull below the third hook from the left until the hook is on top .
similarly move the second hook from the left so that the hook
is on the bottom .
next move the right most hook so that the hook
is to the right .
, move the left most hook so that the hook
is on the left .
the bookshelf and learn about disarming traps .
I L C H
disarm the trap .
you will find a logbook
and a lock picking kit and some daggers .
selecting three in a row of the same colour .
picking the lock .
speak with the chief thief , then leave by the stairs
] Leave and go down .
it 's dark
the door and enter the inn .
[ Thief : go upstairs to the end of the hall and picklock the door
you 're completely tired ] Go up to your room
the first door at the top of the stairs and go to sleep .
The next day , go downstairs and leave the inn .
you see monsters , fight them .
, fight them .
you are hurt , drink a cure or healing potion but never rest ] [ Fighter
you get tired ] [ Thief
you get tired
the daggers from the ground or you will lose them
] [ Magic user : practice your spells until you do n't have any mana ] Run to the castle gates .
you do n't have any mana
her the flowers , then speak with her again .
levitate over gate ] Walk to the inn and knock on the door
end of hall until completely tired ] Go to your room .
to the inn and get breakfast .
you can practice climbing at tree on your right by using the hand icon on it
almost completely tired ] Go [ W2X\N ] to the gatekeeper and talk .
[ E3X\N2X\E3X ] Here is the leshy bush
[ N3X\E2X\N ] Talk and say good-bye .
search the lantern .
cast fetch spell on scroll ] Leave and go [ W2X\N2X\W\N2X ] to town
and walk left to the general store .
tired ] Rest until first health is full and do it again .
and you will meet katrina
you 're hurt , you will receive a healing potion
, you will receive a healing potion
you will learn the frostbite spell ] Talk to her
town and go to the inn .
your chair and watch the gnome comedy act .
you 're tired .
The next day , leave and visit the room at the end of the hall .
the door and talk with the gnome .
search the drawer at the table and go out the passage behind the wall ]
Leave town and go to the forest .
you a question , just make a wild guess
go up and cast fetch on tree .
it 's dark
you 're tired
The next day , leave the inn .
go to the cell .
[ Thief : leave town
and go to the forest .
and fight monsters till sunset .
needed .
the headstone has fallen down .
you are strong enough you should be able to push the headstone off the grave
cast the open spell on the headstone ] Check out the borgov crypt then leave
him and leave .
you the key to the borgov crypt .
picklock crypt door ] Unlock the crypt door and look around
The next day , go to town .
and he will give you the crypt key ] Leave town and go to the forest .
you the crypt key ] Leave town and go to the forest .
you will receive the aura
you will receive an amulet ] Offer your money pouch to the fortune teller and she will tell your fortune
you will receive an amulet ]
and you will spend the night here
the fortune teller 's wagon and talk .
you learned from the leshy ]
it 's dark
drink the water from the fountain and you will have an interesting experience
] Go [ W\N3X ] Look on the crypt door on your right .
the fight , open the door again .
The next day , leave and go to the gatekeeper .
, then leave the inn .
the book and leave the broom .
the window ] Leave town and go to the forest .
you met the ghost .
town and go to the forest .
goo from the pool at the bottom of the screen .
the bush and go fishing .
you get the bush , go down with your rope ] [ Magic user : cast force bolt at the pile of rocks then cast fetch on the bonsai bush ] Leave and go up .
you get the bush
: bush in goo .
her she 's a ghost .
The next day , go right and visit dr. cranium .
to the mound of soil .
then visit the ghost again .
the note and leave the inn .
him your flask of grue goo and he will hand over a rehydration solution .
dr. cranium 's house , speak with the old man .
and write down the symbols above you .
the desk and feed garlic to the creature above the fireplace .
the basement , go over to the desk .
the desk the usual way , selecting the same three colors in a row .
the screen ] [ Magic user : cast open on the desk ] Read the diary in the desk .
the cask and you will receive a vision
and go upstairs .
climb wall and get bird ] Destroy the monastery on the carpet with the torch
the secret passage and give the statue you found to the chief thief .
and talk to the burgomeister .
talk to her .
your room and go to the room in the corner .
you 're tired .
you 're tired .
the cupboard and finally , GET SOME SLEEP !
The next day , leave your room .
talk ] then visit the general store .
the adventurer 's guild and use the stepper .
run to the graveyard S\E2X\N Read the gravestones to find out the rusalka 's name .
go to the ghost .
The next day , walk up and talk to the burgomeister .
use the stepper .
leave the inn .
the staff ] [ Paladin : visit general store and buy a broom .
go to the forest .
; DAY 15 & nbsp ; The next day , walk up and speak with the burgomeister .
run [ S2X\E ] Speak to the ghosts .
you did before .
the hut , then go into the hut .
W2X\N\W2X\S4X\E ] to the cave path and fill another empty flask with goo .
throw a rock at the bush and pick up the fallen berries
] [ Magic user : cast force bolt at the bush .
and go near the rock .
you will get the heart ritual ] Leave and go [ N\E\N ] to the garden
you will get the heart ritual
The next day , go [ E2X\S2X ] to baba yaga .
give the pie to baba yaga , then tell her about the gnome
and she will give you
and baba yaga will force you to leave .
baba yaga a garlic and ask for a spell .
and you will be outside ] Rest until dark and leave .
dark and leave .
go N2X\W2X\N2X\W\N2X to town ] Walk left to the inn and eat
The next day , visit the gnome 's room .
dark .
your usual chair and watch the gnome 's comedy performance .
speak with katrina .
The next day , walk to the inn .
, then leave town .
the castle gatekeeper , boris and the general storekeeper olga , telling only about each of them until they have got back together .
they have got back together
the gate keeper , leave and go [ E2X\S\E3X ] Touch the running bush until the leshy talks .
, then go up to your room and sleep .
The next day , eat breakfast then leave the inn .
go to the forest .
to the borgov crypt and unlock it .
the colors in the following order : Spell out the BORGOV name with the first letter of each color , ( B ) lue , ( O ) range , ( R ) ed , ( G ) reen , ( O ) range , ( V ) iolet .
you open it .
you reach the stairs .
needed .
E2X ] Go [ E3X ] Go up .
the bookcase and go upstairs .
the other room and just ignore the ghost .
open the door and speak with the vampire child
tanya .
and the beast , then tell tanya about erana 's staff .
toby makes the ultimate sacrifice
and tanya is restored to life .
you receive erana 's staff
then you return tanya to her parents at the inn and spend the rest of night there .
The next day , eat breakfast and talk .
, but keep one .
run to the lake W\S3X\W2X\S and talk to the rusalka ] Rest until dark and walk to the town
the note and go downstairs .
use the stepper .
run [ W2X ] You will encounter your old nemesis
You awake chained to a platform in the castle dungeon
the wall and you will enter a bedroom .
touch it .
and you will be taken back to the dungeon .
the castle gate , go down .
You will be stopped by the fairies
you will receive the heart
ritual ] Sleep the rest of the night at the garden .
the morning , go to baba yaga .
her hut and offer her a garlic .
ask about the ritual and she will give you
and she will kick you out .
The next day , rest until dark .
the reading talk to them .
the ground and when the light balls take the bait , use an empty flask on them .
the light balls take the bait
the standing stone and put the dark one sign in the small hole .
you have the sense ritual , go left .
you have the sense ritual
you reach the mad monk 's tomb .
you have the ritual , go [ N2X\E2X ] and leave the swamp .
you have the ritual
go [ N5X\W\N ] to the castle .
the dark cave , [ Fighter : Paladin : use the grapnel to climb down the pit .
and cross the pit with the rope , crossing hand over hand ] [ Thief : sneak into the pit cave .
down to the monster .
to the book and pick it up .
and cross the pit by walking the tight rope ] Magic user : cast calm and levitate down into the pit .
the book and levitate back up on the other side of the pit ] Leave the cave on the right to the heart cave .
it 's holder where you got it before .
you got it before
you 're trapped ] [ Magic user
cast flame and frostbite spell until cage break ] Get your torch and leave the cave
overhangs the altar .
the main path ] [ Thief : go to the top part of the altar .
overhangs the altar .
, then to the island ledge at the center of the screen , then over to the main path ] [ Magic user : walk down to where the blood is flowing out of the altar bowl .
the blood is flowing out of the altar bowl
you 're inside the small cave , cast calm spell and immediately cast open spell ] [ Fighter
wind blow 's you out , grab on the right small tentacle
when you fall to the ground , run ] [
you fall to the ground
Thief : when you 're plastered on the screen , doing a mime thing
you 're plastered on the screen
go to the right ] Leave the cave and go through door NR.4 Do n't panic !
left to right across the bottom of the screen .
up the left edge of the screen .
the top of the screen to the right .
you should have all your senses
now and have arrived at the altar .
was a giant nose you just went through .
use the grapnel on the horseshoe shape near the top of the screen and swing over to the center
the large globe shape under the altar and swing across to the exit .
quickly ] [ Magic user : Walk along the path to the exit , casting lightning balls at the dendrites to short circuit them ] Leave and go to the middle altar of the heart cave .
katrina and cause the dark one to take her .
Chris Van Zyl From South Africa & nbsp ; When you choose a hero character , only fill up the swimming skill .
you choose a hero character
the game , you will begin in Erasmus & rsquo ; s house
a conversation , listen to every word .
what he say & rsquo ; s , then he will ask you
he say & rsquo
you want to go
the control menu , make sure the game difficulty is on easy , the detail on high , the screen size on full screen
default to walk is on and the compass and clock is on .
and the compass and clock is on
, but always walk when you & rsquo ; re in a building .
you & rsquo ; re in a building
you arrive at the gazebo with the pointed wizard 's hat roof .
the path , then you will see a small platform
, then you will pass the arena
, then you will see the hall of king & rsquo ; s. Enter
the conversation , talk to Logos and Rakeesh .
the gate , go to the platform you saw earlier .
you see a message board
it then click on the words to get more information
your right , then leave the bank .
you see a dog merchant .
pay 44 drachmas ] Look at your map then talk to the katta next of you
you see the liontaur , talk to him then buy a magnet .
you see the liontaur
pay 74 drachmas ] Leave the shop then talk to Marrak the food merchant
you then talk to Julanar and Salim .
a fire proofing potion , stamina pill and a vitality potion .
the archway to the beach , then go to the weapon smith .
you see a house near the gate .
it , then talk to the man .
leave the house then go way
left through the archway .
you will see a prison door
then the guard tower and the gate to adventure .
then enter the inn .
the inn , then go to the beach .
you & rsquo ; re in the dead parrot inn .
your screen , then talk to Ferrari and Ugarte .
one greek coffee , then talk to the girls .
fortune then win some money .
you can place your bets
here and you can win some money .
& rsquo ; s the strongest .
6:00 till 9:00 .
you are asked do you want to fight the champion , say yes then bet on yourself .
you are asked do you want to fight
the table ] Leave the inn then go up the stairs through the archway .
the fight , go to the wizard & rsquo ; s spinning hat roof then kick the pillar .
answer three riddles .
leave the house , then go down to the market place
you have
your room then talk to Ann .
you give Ann all the flowers
the faster you click , the faster it will go ] Order
a meal then leave the inn .
the house , then go up through the archway behind the weapon smith .
pay 17 drachmas ] Go through the small archway then go down the path through the city gate
you & rsquo ; re in battle about 11:30 , run around until you see a basket .
you see a basket
it , then leave the area .
battle comes , just leave .
and we & rsquo
it then read it .
you see a horse picture .
it , then go right to another small statue .
it then read it .
you come to a stream .
then get on it .
then watch an incredible move .
you reach the feathers .
you have too much .
using the magnet .
the inn , then go to the beach .
your screen then talk to Ugarte .
[ Fighter : leave , then go talk to the man at the table
] Go talk to the girls
then play the wheel of fortune .
the 3 in a row is difficult
but try it .
the inn , then go up the stairs through the archway .
the fight , go to the wizard & rsquo ; s spinning hat roof then kick the pillar .
the trick , talk to your friends .
leave the inn then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
[ Fighter : give Elsa a flower
] Leave the guild then cross the bridge .
the archway then go to Sarra .
her the basket , then wait for the gift .
him ] Leave the bank , then cross the bridge
talk to Marrak , then buy a pepperoni pizza for 11 drachmas
and an artichoke pizza for 7 drachmas .
show Erasmus the toolkit then talk to them again ] Leave the house then go to the teleporter
it ] Go to the marketplace then go talk to Sarra .
1 drachma then give Julanar the necklace .
the back , then leave the shop .
cross the bridge , then go down
the path through the small archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
the message board , then leave the guild .
swimming at your screen .
; s go for a swim .
it & rsquo ; s half an hour , leave the water then rest for 1 hour .
the water , then rest for 1 hour .
till 3:00 ) [ Fighter : do this until 5:00
, then rest another hour more .
then pay Abdum to watch the fight .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning ] [ Paladin : do this until 5:00 , then rest another hour more .
the dead parrot inn , then wait for the one arm man to leave .
the fight , go down to the door under the bridge .
talk to the man , then you will end up in the bank
the next morning ] & nbsp ; & nbsp ; [ Paladin : talk to the man then , look at the board .
cross the bridge , then go down
the path through the small archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
the message board , then leave the guild .
34 drachmas ] [ Fighter : the next day , leave your room then sit by the table .
leave the inn , then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
the message board , then leave the guild .
, then go to the bank .
the bank , then go down to the beach .
37 drachmas ] Go to the adventurer school then talk to the man .
you must do .
the right side then break the lever .
it , then pull the brake switch .
you see the head of the gondola passing the small building , pull the brake .
you see the head of the gondola
the brake releases , you will go to the island .
the really weird revolving door then touch the small green glow .
you & rsquo ; ve answered correctly
, you can go in .
the test , then it will qualify you as a lab assistant
your inventory , then drag the anchovies to the pizza .
this will make an artichoke
the pizza to him , then he will give you the free reign of the laboratory to explore
s go for a swim
5:00 , rest for one hour .
the inn , then go up to the arena .
the fight , [ Paladin : go to the message board then look at it ] go down to the beach then go to science island .
it ] go down to the beach then go to science island
it ] go down to the beach
duty in the morning and Moebius takes the afternoon shift .
the peppers to the pizza , then it will make a pepperoni
him , then go to the right
s guild then talk to Magnum and Toro
the guild , then go down to the beach .
the house , then go up through the archway behind the weapon smith .
the board , then leave the bank .
use your magnet , then leave the inn ]
Exit the city by the gate , then go right .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go to the right statue .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go n\w then n\e to the last statue .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go up to the dragon head .
right to the statue , but ignore the bats .
the statue then read it .
the cave , then use your magnet .
then rest for one hour .
swim till 5:30 ] Enter the dead parrot inn then go talk to Budar
clicking on your opponent .
the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
rsquo ; s guild , then equip yourself for more weight .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the next day , leave your room
the shop , then go to the bank .
rsquo ; s guild , then equip yourself for more weight .
at 12:53 , unequip your sword then practice your punching and kicking
you & rsquo ; re out of stamina
kicking again .
6:16 , unequip yourself ] Leave the guild , then go to the dead parrot inn .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
& nbsp ; & nbsp ; ( Paladin : from now on through the game when Ann gives you your meal , skip her yapping tongue ) Every morning , leave your room
now on through the game when Ann gives you your meal , skip her yapping tongue
Ann gives you
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the city , then save the game .
it & rsquo ; s not green goons , load the game .
in a battle , drink healing and stamina pills when you 're really hurt .
you 're really hurt
a new battle , just exit then re-enter .
6:00 , use your magnet then unequip yourself .
the inn , then go to the arena .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
a new bet 1000 drachmas at the betting board .
the inn , then go to the arena .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet .
The next day , take your fruit basket from the chest .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the champion , then place an all bets 1000 drachmas on yourself .
one hour till the next 6:00 night .
, then go near the right gate .
Later after the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet
the last fruit , then sleep till morning .
The next day , take everything from the chest except one magnet .
the archway then go to the apothecary shop .
49 healing pills , then sell the rest for 6 drachmas to Salim .
s , then tell the guard about the word of Rakeesh
the hall , agree to make the ring
] Go down to the beach
then go to the weapon smith .
[ Fighter : sell your magic sword for 390 drachmas
and the chain mail armor for 110 drachmas , then buy 360 throwing spears for 17 drachmas
] [ Paladin : sell the chain mail armor for 114 drachmas
then buy 145 throwing spears for 16 drachmas ] Go to the boat .
the water , then throw all your spears away .
the faster you click , the faster
it will go .
you & rsquo ; re out of stamina .
the faster you click , the faster
it will go .
it , then use your magnet .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the bank , then enter the rites .
leave the bank , then go to the hall of king & rsquo ; s. Later at the gate
go to the platform then talk to Rakeesh .
then talk to Sarra .
[ Fighter : buy a magic chain mail armor for 3500 drachmas and a dragon sword for 7000 drachmas ] [ Paladin : buy a magic chain
mail armor for 3250 drachmas ] Go to Andre then talk to him .
returning with the boat .
you have 50 .
the small archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
rest till 5:35 ] Go to the beach then go to the dead parrot inn
your screen , then talk to Ferrari and Ugarte .
you are going to free the villages , remember to drink healing and stamina pills if you are dying .
you are going to free the villages
you are dying
you & rsquo ; re near the door , force it down .
open the chest , then take all ]
[ Fighter : equip yourself , then sneak to the building on your left with the long stairs .
you & rsquo ; re near the door , force it down .
past the villains , then cross the bridge .
t search them ] Open the chest , then take all
the town , then go n\w to the third village .
t search them ] Open the chest , then take all
the town , then go s\e to the dragon pillar .
go way left to the last house
then bash down the door .
t search them ] Open the chest , then take all
the town , then go s\e then [ e ] to the last village .
, then bash it down .
t search them
unequip yourself ] Open the chest
then take all .
the inn , then go to the guard tower near the gate .
the door , then go to the beach .
talk to Andre , then go up through the archway
and cross the bridge .
king & rsquo ; s , then give one sigil to the guard .
the gate , go to Rakeesh then talk to him .
then go to the beach .
sell the leather armor and the magic axe for 816 drachmas , the armband for 300 drachmas and the amulets for 200 drachmas ] Go talk to Andre
the archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild then talk to Elsa and Toro .
a healing pill ] Click on the message board , then leave the guild .
the archway to the market place , then go to the bank .
the bank , then go to the beach .
rest till 6:45 ] then go back in
returning with the boat .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the market place .
pay 7 drachmas ] Leave the shop , then go down to the beach
you want is in the southeast west part of the map .
you get close , then he will dump you on the beach
, then he will dump you on the beach
you reach the small platform near the stairs
then cast the awe spell on the guards .
, peace , magic ward and the holy strength .
him when he & rsquo ; s dead
he & rsquo
him , then search him when he & rsquo ; s dead ] [ Fighter : equip yourself , then sneak along the base of the fortress until you reach the small platform near the stairs .
he & rsquo ; s dead ]
you reach the small platform near the stairs
you & rsquo ; re really hurt and don & rsquo ; t search the villains .
then kill all the warriors
you see the centaur , go fight him .
you see the centaur
he disappears , go around the balcony to the other side then kill him .
him , then search him when he & rsquo ; s dead ] Use your magnet then unequip yourself .
he & rsquo ; s dead ]
help and search him then give him
the hall of king & rsquo ; s , talk to Logos .
the gate , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
leave the shop , then go up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Show the shield to the guard .
Rakeesh , talk to him .
him , then give him a poison cure pill .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the apothecary shop .
sell the scroll to him for 102 drachmas ] Leave the shop then go down to the beach
sell your old shield for 748 drachmas and the magic axe for 816 drachmas ] Go to the adventurer school then talk to the man
returning with the boat .
the message board then leave the guild .
t search them .
the statue then read it .
the ground , take one dry wax .
your magnet , then leave the inn .
the sea , then equip your magic dagger .
then kill a Remora .
something else , restore game .
one is dead
your magnet , then leave the inn .
rest for one hour , then go to the beach
] Go to the dead parrot inn , then go up the steps near your screen .
your magnet , then leave your room .
t kiss Nawar or say you love her .
the inn , then go to science island .
Ann about Ferrari , then return to your room .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
buy 1 amphora pot for 15 drachmas and a balloon picture for 79 drachmas from Wolfie ] Go to the apothecary shop then talk to your friends
[ Paladin : say goodbye again to Julanar ] Leave the shop
then go to the magic shop .
then go to science island .
the flying machine at the wall , then go
the tree with your pot , then equip yourself .
go left up the path and fight the hydra
then back away when you whack its head .
you whack its head
her help then talk to her
you will do the fighting
then she will torch the necks .
it & rsquo ; s dead , talk to Elsa .
it & rsquo ; s dead
love with her ] Take the teeth from the monster then talk to Elsa .
you are at full health .
then go to the weapon smith .
sell one armor for 1360 drachmas and one helmet for 272 drachmas ] Go up through the archway to the magic shop
[ Fighter : sell the scroll for 99 drachmas
and the magic dagger for 399 drachmas ] [ Paladin : sell the magic dagger for 408 drachmas
and the scroll for 102 drachmas ] Leave the shop
then go to the apothecary shop .
[ Fighter : sell the scales to Salim for 51 drachmas
] [ Paladin : sell the scales to Salim
52 drachmas ] Use your magnet
then sleep till morning .
your room then talk to Ann and Wolfie .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
talk to Wolfie , then go up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Give the teeth to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the bank .
, then enter the magic shop .
Give Elsa a flower and a healing pill ] Click on the message board , then leave the guild
then go to the adventurer school .
building a balloon .
talk to Dr. Pretorius , then show him
rest till 6:05 ] Go back in
talk to Dr. Moebius , then show him
the door , then look at the crane .
returning with the boat .
then cross the bridge .
[ Fighter : buy the brazier for 72 drachmas
] [ Paladin : buy the brazier for 69 drachmas
] Go down to the beach
then go to science island .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
Wolfie about the balloon , then go to the bank .
a drachma , then leave the bank .
you cross an island , click on the balloon to land .
the water , then drop the coin in the water .
you heard your future
take the thing that appears then click on the stone in front of the water .
, but give every tree some hippocrene water .
they awake , go to the middle of the forest .
there then listen to the music
it & rsquo ; s over , return to you & rsquo ; re balloon .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
king & rsquo ; s then give the proof to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board then go down to the market place .
the message board then talk to Toro .
the guild , then go down to the beach .
the house , then go to science island .
rest till 6:45 ] then go back in
t eat it .
the inn , then leave the city .
the statue then read it .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
the shop , then leave the city .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
[ Paladin : buy a gyro for 3 drachmas
, 5 candy & rsquo ; s for 13 drachmas and 3 pepperoni pizzas for 10 drachmas from Marrak ] [ Fighter : buy 2 pepperoni pizzas for 10 drachmas from Marrak ] Go to the apothecary shop
then talk to your friends .
[ Fighter : leave the shop
then go down to the beach .
: buy the fire proofing potion for 41 drachmas from Salim .
the shop , then leave the city .
your balloon , then go to the dragon head picture .
the lava , then use the ring on yourself .
the balloon , then return to Silmaria .
5:00 ] Use your magnet then sleep till morning .
[ Paladin : give the dog
a candy , pizza and the gyro then enter Hades .
you & rsquo ; re out of stamina ] [ Fighter : equip yourself then fight the dog , just don & rsquo ; t go through the door .
the fight , enter Hades .
they & rsquo ; re in your way , but remember to drink pills when you & rsquo ; re really hurt ] Go right then go down the small path .
you & rsquo ; re really hurt ] Go right then go down the small path .
you & rsquo ; re at the end of the road .
the cliff , then continue through the door .
it , immediately go right .
the whirlpool , fill a pot with lethe water .
use the ring in the pool ] Now go way around the path until you see a building
you see a building
when his done talking , [ Fighter : choose no one ] [ Paladin : choose Erana , then give your life to her ] Later
his done talking , [ Fighter : choose no one ] [ Paladin : choose Erana
go way around the path .
the dragon mouth , then go right through the door .
, use your magnet .
[ Fighter : unequip yourself , then sleep till morning ] [
Paladin : leave the inn
then leave the city .
you see a new isle with a new circle
, then fly in the middle of [ s ] and [ w ] to Silmaria with your balloon .
& nbsp ; The next day , leave your room then sit by the table .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
leave the shop , then go to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Give the styx water to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go talk to Andre .
leave the house then go way
left through the archway .
rest till 6:00 then leave the guild
cross the bridge ] [ Paladin : leave the city
then fly your balloon .
go to Erana & rsquo ;
s isle , then enter the circle .
give her a candy .
, then fly back to Silmaria .
exit the balloon then return to the city
] Go to the inn , then say yes to Ann .
the dance , talk to Wolfie , katta and Ann .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
[ Paladin : take a flower from the apothecary window
] Go down to the beach
then go to science island .
Gort stood .
the letters of your password , then press enter when correct .
correct
rest till 6:06 ] then go back in
Gort stood .
the letters of your password , then press enter when correct .
correct
t search them
the inn , then go up to the market place .
[ Fighter : buy a ring from Sarra for 365 drachmas
] Go to the bank , then withdraw 25 drachmas .
the bank , then go down to the beach .
[ Fighter : buy a magic spear for 268 drachmas
, a slasher dagger for 1340 drachmas and an ice diamond sword for 5360 drachmas ] [ Paladin : buy a magic spear
256 drachmas ] Equip the breathing amulet
then rent the boat from Andre .
you see an isle with a pool
there , then go to the pillar circle .
swim left to the gate
then use the spear on the door .
unequip spear ] Back off a bit
you see two mermaids
Kill them , but don & rsquo ; t search them ] [ Paladin
t kill them but cast the peace spell on them ] Go through the opening
them ] Go through the opening
the other side , go right until you see door like walls .
you see door like walls
right , but stay low .
you are near the gate .
the palace , go right to the Queen .
[ Paladin : give her a flower
] [ Fighter : kill the dragon fish
then unequip your spear ] Talk to the Queen .
the city , use your magnet then unequip your breathing amulet .
leave the inn , then go way up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Show the statue to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the dead parrot inn .
your screen , then talk to Ferrari .
the statue to him , then go talk to the girls .
your room , then give the deed to Ann .
sleeping , Elsa will appear .
diamond sword and the ring ] Just stand there until she disappears
she disappears
your room then talk to Ann .
then go to the adventurer school .
talk to the man , then leave the house
[ Fighter : go for a swim until 5:00 ] [ Paladin : go to the weapon smith .
50 drachmas , then rent the boat from Andre .
go to Erana & rsquo ;
s isle , then enter the circle .
the city , then fly your balloon to the horse picture .
a pizza then leave the inn .
[ Paladin : go up to the market place
then buy a ring from Sarra for 345 drachmas .
then rent the boat from Andre .
give her the candy and the ring .
use your magnet then sleep till the next evening
] [ Fighter : equip yourself and the breathing amulet , then leave the city .
the dragon pillars , the skull picture , the horse picture , the dragon head picture and the towns .
the island and fight monsters , but don & rsquo ; t search them .
it & rsquo ; s the same monster you killed before , just leave .
, just leave .
you don & rsquo ; t get a point for killing a monster , load game .
you walk around the island too long , load game .
the sea then kill a salamander with your spear .
you leave the water
you should & rsquo ; ve by now killed a battie\homunculi
now killed a battie\homunculi
a bearman , a boarman , a cougarman , a dragonling , a grangler and a weirdling .
Leave your room , then eat a pizza
the inn , then go to the beach .
[ Fighter : go to the weapon smith
then sell your spear for 1 drachma .
the archway , then give the coin to the music katta .
rest till 8:00 ] Go through the archway to the bridge
[ Paladin : equip your ring , then cast the honor shield , piece and the holy strength ] Equip yourself
then fight the villain .
the hall of king & rsquo ; s , [ Fighter : confront Minos with suspicions ] [ Paladin : use the ring of truth ] Later outside the hall , use your magnet then unequip yourself .
your key , helmet , magnet , potions , shield , armor , weapons .
ring ] Sleep till the next evening .
The next evening , you will be taken to the hall of king & rsquo
Minos isle , [ Fighter : drink pills when you & rsquo ; re dying and don & rsquo ; t search your enemies .
you & rsquo
you get to the gate
the door , then fight the goons inside the fortress .
the room , then open the door ] [ Paladin : sneak , then cast the awe spell on the goon .
you see the gate , cast the awe spell on the goon .
you see the gate
it ] Later after the conversation , [ Paladin : cast the piece spell , then cast the awe spell on the two goons
them ] Get the toolkit from the table then give it to Elsa .
the gate , then take one fire
the Minotaur , then you will be teleported out to fight
Toro the Minotaur axe , then give all the healing potions to Gort .
unequip your sword , then go fight the dragon with the two poison daggers
equip your sword , then fight the beast
] [ Paladin : tell Erana to heal Toro
then go fight the beast ] The dragon eventually gets loose and you & rsquo ; re all chasing him through the cave .
then go fight the beast ]
attack , then give some healing pills to Toro .
later after the dragon dies , you will all go to the hall of king & rsquo
When you choose a hero character , only fill up the swimming skill
you choose a hero character
the game , you will begin in Erasmus & rsquo ; s house
a conversation , listen to every word .
what he say & rsquo ; s , then he will ask you
he say & rsquo
you want to go
the control menu , make sure the game difficulty is on easy , the detail on high , the screen size on full screen
default to walk is on and the compass and clock is on .
and the compass and clock is on
, but always walk when you & rsquo ; re in a building .
you & rsquo ; re in a building
you arrive at the gazebo with the pointed wizard 's hat roof .
the path , then you will see a small platform
, then you will pass the arena
, then you will see the hall of king & rsquo ; s. Enter
the conversation , talk to Logos and Rakeesh .
the gate , go to the platform you saw earlier .
you see a message board
it then click on the words to get more information
the bank manager will have 500 gold in your deposit
it cost 1000 drachmas to compete in the rites .
you see a dog merchant .
you see the liontaur , talk to him then buy a magnet for 75 drachmas .
you see the liontaur
you then talk to Julanar and Salim .
a fire proofing potion , stamina pill and a vitality potion .
the archway to the beach , then go to the weapon smith .
you see a house near the gate .
it , then talk to the man .
leave the house then go way
left through the archway .
you will see a prison door
then the guard tower and the gate to adventure .
then enter the inn .
the inn , then go to the beach .
you & rsquo ; re in the dead parrot inn .
your screen , then talk to Ferrari and Ugarte .
one greek coffee , then talk to the girls .
fortune then win some money .
you can place your bets
here and you can win some money .
& rsquo ; s the strongest .
6:00 till 9:00 .
you are asked do you want to fight the champion , say yes then bet on yourself .
you are asked do you want to fight
the fight , go to the wizard & rsquo ; s spinning hat roof then cast the trigger spell at it .
answer three riddles .
your room then talk to Ann .
talk to the man .
the house , then go up through the archway behind the weapon smith .
the shop , then scan through the book to find out more things .
the board , then leave the bank .
18 drachmas , then go through the small archway .
the path , then leave the city through the gate .
you & rsquo ; re in battle about 12:00 , run around until you see a basket .
you see a basket
it , then leave the area .
battle comes , just leave .
and we & rsquo
it then read it .
you see a horse picture .
it , then go right to another small statue .
it then read it .
you come to a stream .
you see a small road
, go near it then cast the levitate spell on the road .
it then cast the levitate spell on the road
you reach the feathers .
you have too much .
using the magnet .
the inn , then go to the beach .
your screen then talk to Ugarte .
the 3 in a row is difficult
but try it .
the inn , then go up the stairs through the archway .
the fight , go to the wizard & rsquo ; s spinning hat roof then cast the trigger spell at it .
the trick , talk to your friends .
leave the inn then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
the archway then go to Sarra .
her the basket , then wait for the gift .
the bank , then cross the bridge .
talk to Marrak , then buy a pepperoni pizza for 12 drachmas
and an artichoke pizza for 8 drachmas .
one drachma then give Julanar the necklace .
the back , then leave the shop .
cross the bridge , then go down
the path through the small archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
the message board , then leave the guild .
swimming at your screen .
; s go for a swim .
it & rsquo ; s half an hour , leave the water then rest for 1 hour .
the water , then rest for 1 hour .
3:00 ) Do this until 5:00 , then rest another hour .
the dead parrot inn , then wait for the one arm man to leave .
the fight , go down to the door under the bridge .
talk to the man , then you will end up in the bank
Talk to the man , then look at the board
cross the bridge , then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
the message board , then leave the guild .
t read the scroll he gives you
you must do .
the right side then break the lever .
it , then pull the brake switch .
you see the head of the gondola passing the small building , pull the brake .
you see the head of the gondola
the brake releases , you will go to the island .
the really weird revolving door then touch the small green glow .
you & rsquo ; ve answered correctly
, you can go in .
the test , then it will qualify you as a lab assistant
your inventory , then drag the anchovies to the pizza .
this will make an artichoke
the pizza to him , then he will give you the free reign of the laboratory to explore
a helmet for 126 drachmas , a shield for 168 drachmas and a magic sword for 462 drachmas .
5:00 , rest for one hour .
the inn , then go up to the arena .
the fight , go to the message board then look at it .
then go to science island .
duty in the morning and Moebius takes the afternoon shift .
the peppers to the pizza , then it will make a pepperoni
him , then go to the right
leave the inn , then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
the guild , then go down to the beach .
the house , then go up through the archway behind the weapon smith .
the board , then leave the bank .
the gate , then go right .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go to the right statue .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go n\w then n\e to the last statue .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go up to the dragon head .
right to the statue , but ignore the bats .
the statue then read it .
the cave , then use your magnet .
then rest for one hour .
5:00 , then rest another hour more .
clicking on your opponent .
the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
rsquo ; s guild , then equip yourself for more weight .
5:30 , unequip yourself .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the next day , leave your room
the inn , then go up through the archway to the apothecary shop .
the shop , then go to the bank .
rsquo ; s guild , then equip yourself for more weight .
4:20 , unequip your sword then practice your punching and kicking till 5:30 .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
& nbsp ; & nbsp ; ( From now on through the game when Ann gives you your meal , skip her yapping tongue ) Every morning , leave your room
Ann gives you your meal , skip her yapping tongue
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the city , then save the game .
it & rsquo ; s not green goons , load the game .
in a battle , drink healing and stamina pills when you 're really hurt .
you 're really hurt
a new battle , just exit then re-enter .
6:00 , use your magnet then unequip yourself .
the inn , then go to the arena .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the inn , then go to the arena .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet .
The next day , take your fruit basket from the chest .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the champion , then place an all bets 1000 drachmas on yourself .
one hour till the next 6:00 night .
, then go near the right gate .
Later after the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet
the last fruit , then sleep till morning .
The next day , take everything from the chest except one magnet .
the archway , then go to the apothecary shop .
49 healing pills , then sell the rest for 6 drachmas to Salim .
then go to the weapon smith .
363 drachmas , helmet for 48 drachmas and your dagger for 6 drachmas .
for a swim until 5:00 .
it , then use your magnet .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the bank , then enter the rites .
leave the bank , then go to the hall of king & rsquo ; s. Later at the gate
go to the platform then talk to Rakeesh .
then talk to Sarra .
talk to Shakra , then buy a mana potion for 55 drachmas
and 50 mana pills for 6 drachmas .
talk to the weapon smith , then buy a magic helm for 3160 drachmas
a dragon sword for 7900 drachmas and a magic chain mail armor for 3950 drachmas .
returning with the boat .
you have 50 .
the small archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
you are going to free the villages , remember to drink healing and stamina pills if you are dying .
you are going to free the villages
you are dying
you & rsquo ; re near the door , force it down .
the villains , but don & rsquo ; t search them .
past the villains , then cross the bridge .
all , then equip your sword .
t search them .
t search them .
t search them .
the pillar , then read it .
, then go [ n ] to the fourth village .
go way left to the last house
then bash down the door .
all , then equip your sword .
, then bash it down .
all , then equip your sword .
the inn , then go to the guard tower near the gate .
the door , then go to the beach .
talk to Andre , then go up through the archway
and cross the bridge .
king & rsquo ; s , then give one sigil to the guard .
the gate , go to Rakeesh then talk to him .
then go to the beach .
the leather armor and the magic axe for 726 drachmas , the amulet of attack for 200 drachmas and the armband for 300 drachmas .
the archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild then talk to Elsa and Toro .
the message board , then leave the guild .
the archway to the market place , then go to the bank .
the bank , then go to the beach .
returning with the boat .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the market place .
buy 3 poison cure pills from Salim for 7 drachmas
then leave the shop .
then rent the boat from Andre .
you want is in the southeast west part of the map .
you get close , then he will dump you on the beach
, then he will dump you on the beach
you reach the small platform near the stairs
, then cast the dazzle
spell again .
you & rsquo ; re really hurt .
you see the centaur , go near him then unequip your sword .
you see the centaur
him then unequip your sword
he disappears , go around the balcony to the other side then kill the wizard .
him , then search him when he & rsquo ; s dead .
he & rsquo
help and search him then give him
the hall of king & rsquo ; s , talk to Logos .
the gate , use your magnet .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
leave the shop , then go up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Show the shield to the guard .
Rakeesh , talk to him .
him , then give him a poison cure pill .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the apothecary shop .
talk to him , then sell your old shield for 49 drachmas
and the magic axe for 738 drachmas .
returning with the boat .
the bank , then go down the path through the small archway .
the message board , then leave the guild .
t search them .
the statue then read it .
the ground , take one dry wax .
, then return to the city .
your magnet , then leave your room .
t kiss Nawar or say you love her .
the inn , then go to science island .
Ann about Ferrari , then return to your room .
, then buy 1 amphora pot for 16 drachmas and a balloon picture for 82 drachmas from Wolfie .
leave the shop , then go to the wizard
& rsquo ; s spinning hat roof .
then go to the apothecary shop .
then go to science island .
the flying machine at the wall , then go
the tree with your pot , then equip yourself .
go left down the path and fight the hydra
then back away when you whack its head .
you whack its head
her help then talk to her
unequip yourself , then let Elsa fight
the hydra and you just cast flame spells on the necks when she whacks of the heads .
she whacks of the heads
it & rsquo ; s dead , talk to Elsa .
it & rsquo ; s dead
t kiss or fall in love with her .
the monster then talk to Elsa .
the chest , then cast the trigger and open spell on the chest .
the scroll , then leave your room .
then go to the weapon smith .
1230 drachmas and one helmet for 246 drachmas , then go up through the archway to the apothecary shop .
your magnet , then sleep till morning .
your room then talk to Ann and Wolfie .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
talk to Wolfie , then go up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Give the teeth to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the bank .
, then go to the magic shop .
the message board , then leave the guild .
then go to the adventurer school .
building a balloon .
talk to Dr. Pretorius , then show him
talk to Dr. Moebius , then show him
the door , then look at the crane .
returning with the boat .
then cross the bridge .
then go to science island .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
Wolfie about the balloon , then go to the bank .
a drachma , then leave the bank .
you cross an island , click on the balloon to land .
the water , then drop the coin in the water .
you heard your future
take the thing that appears then click on the stone in front of the water .
, but give every tree some hippocrene water .
they awake , go to the middle of the forest .
there then listen to the music
it & rsquo ; s over , take the magic wood .
, take the magic wood .
, then take your balloon .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
the R.I.P for 150 drachmas , boom for 375 drachmas and the fascination spell for 150 drachmas .
leave the shop , then go to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Give the proof to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board then go down to the market place .
to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
the message board then talk to Toro .
the guild , then go down to the beach .
the house , then go to science island .
t eat it .
the inn , then leave the city .
the statue then read it .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
the shop , then leave the city .
the man , then go to the end of the stream .
it , then read it .
your magnet , then leave the inn .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
cross the bridge , then buy a gyro for 3 drachmas
6 candy & rsquo ; s for 14 drachmas and a pepperoni pizza for 10 drachmas from Marrak .
the apothecary window , then enter the apothecary shop .
then take swimming lessons until 6:00 .
your armor , helmet and the amulet of defense .
go to Cerberus , then give the dog
a candy , pizza and the gyro .
protection spell again when it fades away , then cast the frost bite spell at the skeletons when they are in you & rsquo ; re way .
it fades away
they are in you & rsquo ; re way
you & rsquo ; re way
you & rsquo ; re at the end of the road .
cast the levitate spell to get down
then continue through the door .
it , immediately go right .
the whirlpool , fill a pot with lethe water .
you see a building .
his done talking , choose Katrina then give your life to her .
the dragon mouth , then go right through the door .
, use your magnet then unequip yourself .
you see a new isle with a new circle .
, then fly west to Silmaria with your balloon .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
leave the shop , then go to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Give the styx water to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go talk to Andre .
leave the house then go way
left through the archway .
the guild , then go up to the market place .
fly to Katrina & rsquo ;
s isle , then enter the circle .
give her a flower and a candy .
your magnet , then leave the inn .
Re-enter the inn , then say
yes to Ann .
the dance , talk to Wolfie , katta and Ann .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
then go to science island .
Gort stood .
the letters of your password , then press enter when correct .
correct
Gort stood .
the letters of your password , then press enter when correct .
correct
the statue , then read it .
your magnet , then sleep till morning .
the inn , then go down to the beach .
you see an isle with a pool
there , then go to the pillar circle .
you see two mermaids , cast the shrink spell twice on them then go through the opening .
you see two mermaids
the other side , go right until you see door like walls .
you see door like walls
right , but stay low .
you are near the gate .
her a flower , then talk to her .
the city , use your magnet then unequip your breathing amulet .
leave the inn , then go way up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Show the statue to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the dead parrot inn .
your screen , then talk to Ferrari .
the statue to him , then go talk to the girls .
your room , then give the deed to Ann .
sleeping , Elsa will appear .
she disappears .
your room then talk to Ann .
then go to the adventurer school .
go to Katrina & rsquo ;
s isle , then enter the circle .
give her a flower and a candy .
, then fly your balloon to the horse picture .
exit the balloon , then go to the statue
and click on it .
The next day , leave the inn .
a ring from Sarra for 355 drachmas .
talk to her , then give her a flower
, then return to Silmaria with the boat .
assassin will appear .
ring .
The next evening , you will be taken to the hall of king & rsquo
Minos isle , use sneak .
rsquo ; t search your enemies .
cast the calm and shrink spell twice on the goon
then go left between the rocks at your screen .
you see the gate , cast the shrink spell on the guards in the towers .
you see the gate
cast the shrink spell twice at the goon on the floor
then cast the reversal spell .
the room , then open the door .
the trigger and open spell at the gate , then take one fire
the Minotaur , then you will be teleported out to fight
the conversation , tell Katrina to summon reinforcements .
you with the pillar .
Toro the Minotaur axe , then give all the healing potions to Gort .
the resistance spell , then drink the fire
the poison dagger , then equip your sword .
the dragon eventually gets loose and you & rsquo ; re all chasing
him through the cave .
attack , then give some healing pills to Toro .
the dragon dies , you will all go to the hall of king & rsquo ; s. After the conversation , refuse to be king then say you will seek new adventures .
the dragon dies , you will all go to the hall of king
When you choose a hero character , only fill up the swimming skill
you choose a hero character
the game , you will begin in Erasmus & rsquo ; s house
a conversation , listen to every word .
what he say & rsquo ; s , then he will ask you
he say & rsquo
you want to go
the control menu , make sure the game difficulty is on easy , the detail on high , the screen size on full screen
default to walk is on and the compass and clock is on .
and the compass and clock is on
, but always walk when you & rsquo ; re in a building .
you & rsquo ; re in a building
you arrive at the gazebo with the pointed wizard 's hat roof .
the path , then you will see a small platform
, then you will pass the arena
, then you will see the hall of king & rsquo ; s. Enter
the conversation , talk to Logos and Rakeesh .
the gate , go to the platform you saw earlier then talk to Rakeesh .
you see a message board
it then click on the words to get more information
you see a dog merchant .
you see the liontaur , talk to him then buy a magnet for 77 drachmas .
you see the liontaur
you then talk to Julanar and Salim .
a fire proofing potion , stamina pill and a vitality potion .
the archway to the beach , then go to the weapon smith .
you see a house near the gate
it , then talk to the man .
leave the house then go way
left through the archway .
you will see a prison door
then the guard tower and the gate to adventure .
then enter the inn .
the inn , then go to the beach .
you & rsquo ; re in the dead parrot inn .
fortune and win some money .
you can place your bets
here and you can win some money .
& rsquo ; s the strongest .
6:00 till 9:00 .
you are asked do you want to fight the champion , say yes then bet on yourself .
you are asked do you want to fight
him the coffee , then talk to him .
the fight , go to the wizard & rsquo ; s spinning hat roof .
answer three riddles .
the inn , then go down the small path under the bridge .
you & rsquo ; re in , talk to Arestes then join the guild .
your inventory , click on the grapnel then drag the rope to the grapnel .
the safe , then try to disarm the trap .
your magnet , then sleep till morning .
your room then talk to Ann .
the board , then leave the bank .
5 candy & rsquo ; s for 16 drachmas , then go in the apothecary shop .
then go talk to the weapon smith .
enter the house .
you see a fisherman
the archway , then cross the bridge .
the gate , then leave this area to the right .
you & rsquo ; re in battle about 11:30 , run around until you see a basket .
you see a basket
it , then leave the area .
battle comes , just leave .
and we & rsquo
it then read it .
you see a horse picture .
it , then go right to another small statue .
it then read it .
you come to a stream .
you see a small road above .
the road , then you will climb the mount .
you reach the feathers .
you have too much .
using the magnet .
the inn , then go to the beach .
your screen then talk to Ugarte .
, then go talk to the girls .
the 3 in a row is difficult
but try it .
leave the inn then go up through the archway to the wizard
& rsquo ; s spinning hat roof .
the trick , talk to your friends .
the fight , go to the marketplace then go to the beach .
leave the inn then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
the archway then go to Sarra .
her the basket , then wait for the gift .
the board , then leave the bank .
1 drachma then give Julanar the necklace .
the back , then leave the shop .
cross the bridge , then go down
the path through the small archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
the message board , then leave the guild .
swimming at your screen .
; s go for a swim .
it & rsquo ; s half an hour , leave the water then rest for 1 hour .
the water , then rest for 1 hour .
3:00 ) Do this until 5:00 , then rest for one hour .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the arena .
the fight , go down to the thieves guild .
your pickpocket knife , then keep picking his pocket .
nothing happens
but you & rsquo ; re pickpocket skill starts to grow .
it & rsquo ; s full , do the safe .
leave the inn , then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
the message board , then leave the guild .
, then go to the bank .
the bank , then go down to the beach .
you must do .
the right side then break the lever .
it , then pull the brake switch .
you see the head of the gondola passing the small building , pull the brake .
you see the head of the gondola
the brake releases , you will go to the island .
the really weird revolving door then touch the small green glow .
you & rsquo ; ve answered correctly
, you can go in .
the test , then it will qualify you as a lab assistant
your inventory , then drag the anchovies to the pizza .
this will make an artichoke
the pizza to him , then he will give you the free reign of the laboratory to explore
6:00 , go to the thieves guild .
the archway to the arena then pay the man to watch the fight .
the fight , go down to the beach then go to science island .
duty in the morning and Moebius takes the afternoon shift .
the peppers to the pizza , then it will make a pepperoni
him , then go to the right
returning with the boat .
a candy then use your magnet .
the guild , then go down to the beach .
115 drachmas , a shield for 154 drachmas and a magic sword for 423 drachmas .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go to the right statue .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go n\w then n\e to the last statue .
the fight , click on the statue then read it .
, then go up to the dragon head .
right to the statue , but ignore the bats .
the statue then read it .
the cave , then use your magnet .
, then go to the apothecary shop .
3 drachmas from Salim , then leave the shop .
then go for a swim until 5:00 .
13 drachmas , then equip your stealth charm .
the guild , then go up to the arena .
the fight , unequip yourself except your stealth charm .
it opens .
the cupboard , then equip your torch .
some money , then search the couch .
your magnet , then unequip your torch .
the inn , then go to the thieves guild .
your toolkit , then picklock the door with it .
your skill is full , put away the toolkit .
the door , then keep picklocking the door .
you & rsquo ; re out of stamina .
the faster you click , the faster
it will go .
your skill is full , go up through the archway to the market place .
the money , then use your magnet .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
leave the bank , then go to the adventure
& rsquo ; s guild .
6:33 , unequip yourself .
the guild , then go to the dead parrot inn .
the fight , go to the message board then look at it .
the next day , leave your room
leave the bank , then go down to the adventure
& rsquo ; s guild .
you & rsquo ; re out of stamina
kicking again .
6:00 , unequip yourself then leave the guild .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the city , then save the game .
it & rsquo ; s not green goons , load the game .
in a battle , drink healing and stamina pills when you 're really hurt .
you 're really hurt
a new battle , just exit then re-enter .
6:00 , use your magnet then unequip yourself .
the chest , then leave the inn .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the next day , leave your room
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the city , then save the game .
it & rsquo ; s not green goons , load the game .
in a battle , drink healing and stamina pills when you 're really hurt .
you 're really hurt
a new battle , just exit then re-enter .
6:00 , use your magnet then unequip yourself .
the inn , then go to the arena .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till the next evening .
the inn , then up to the arena .
the fight , unequip yourself then go near the dead parrot inn .
talk to Nawar on the balcony then give her a flower
candy and a jewel .
your magnet , then sleep for 8 hours .
the next day , leave your room
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
pay Abdum to watch the fight .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till the next evening .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the arena .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till the next evening .
your opponent , then you will go
the dead parrot inn , then talk to Nawar on the balcony .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the fight , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet .
The next day , take your fruit basket from the chest .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the bank .
the champion , then place an all bets 1000 drachmas on yourself .
one hour till the next 6:00 night .
, then go near the right gate .
Later after the fight , unequip yourself then use your magnet
the last fruit , then sleep till morning .
The next day , take everything from the chest except one magnet .
the archway , then go to the apothecary shop .
49 healing pills , then sell the rest for 6 drachmas to Salim .
your pickpocket knife then pocket the man you see walking on the street
then go to the weapon smith .
50 drachmas , leather armor for 37 drachmas , magic sword for 375 drachmas and the daggers for 6 drachmas .
18 drachmas , then go to the boat .
the water , then throw all your spears away .
you & rsquo ; re out of stamina .
the faster you click , the faster
it will go .
you & rsquo ; re out of stamina .
the faster you click , the faster
it will go .
it , then leave the inn .
255 drachmas , then leave the guild .
, then rest till 12:06 .
the three guards then use the blackjack on them .
hide them .
quickly go to the bank
then picklock the door .
the money , then use your magnet .
The next day , leave your room .
the table , then leave the inn .
, then go to the bank .
leave the bank , then go to the hall of king & rsquo ; s. Later at the gate
go to the platform then talk to Rakeesh .
then talk to Sarra .
talk to Marrak , then buy 7 candy
& rsquo ; s for 16 drachmas .
a magic chain mail armor for 4000 drachmas , a magic helm for 3200 drachmas and a dragon sword for 8000 drachmas .
returning with the boat .
you have 50 .
the small archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild .
a candy to Nawar .
show the ring to her then she will tell you to teach Abdull
then fight Abdull with your bare hands .
show the ring to her .
you are going to free the villages , remember to drink healing and stamina pills if you are dying .
you are going to free the villages
you are dying
you & rsquo ; re near the door , force it down .
past the villains , then cross the bridge .
t search them .
the town , then go n\w to the third village .
the town , then go s\e to the dragon pillar .
t search them .
way left to the last house .
, then bash it down .
the inn , then go to the guard tower near the gate .
the door , then go to the beach .
talk to Andre , then go up through the archway
and cross the bridge .
king & rsquo ; s , then give one sigil to the guard .
the gate , go to Rakeesh then talk to him .
then go to the beach .
246 drachmas , the amulets for 123 drachmas , the leather armor and the magic axe for 738 drachmas .
the archway to the adventurer & rsquo ; s guild then talk to Elsa and Toro .
the message board , then leave the guild .
the archway to the market place , then go to the bank .
the bank , then go to the beach .
returning with the boat .
your magnet , then sleep till morning .
the inn , then go up through the archway to the market place .
buy 3 poison cure pills from Salim for 7 drachmas
then leave the shop .
then equip your stealth charm .
you want is in the southeast west part of the map .
you get close , then he will dump you on the beach
, then he will dump you on the beach
you reach the small platform near the stairs
you & rsquo ; re really hurt .
you see the centaur , go near him then unequip your sword .
you see the centaur
him then unequip your sword
his dead , then equip your sword
him , then search him when he & rsquo ; s dead .
he & rsquo
the inn , then go click on the thieves guild .
help and search him then give him
the hall of king & rsquo ; s , talk to Logos .
the gate , use your magnet then sleep till morning .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
leave the shop , then go up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Show the shield to the guard .
Rakeesh , talk to him .
him , then give him a poison cure pill .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the apothecary shop .
the shop , then go down to the beach .
talk to him , then sell your old shield for 50 drachmas
and the magic axe for 750 drachmas .
returning with the boat .
the bank , then go down the path through the small archway .
the message board , then leave the guild .
t search them .
the statue then read it .
the ground , take one dry wax .
, then return to the city .
the inn , then go to science island .
Ann about Ferrari , then leave the inn .
the bet , then use your magnet .
, then buy 1 amphora pot for 17 drachmas and a balloon picture for 85 drachmas from Wolfie .
the shop , then go to the magic shop .
then go to science island .
the flying machine at the wall , then go
the tree with your pot , then equip yourself .
go left up the path and fight the hydra
then back away when you whack its head .
you whack its head
her help then talk to her
the torching , then you do the fighting
it & rsquo
fall in love with Elsa .
the chest , then disarm the trap .
all the money and the scroll , but leave the rope .
your magnet , then leave your room .
then go to the weapon smith .
the archway to the magic shop then sell the scroll for 93 drachmas .
the shop , then go to the apothecary shop .
50 drachmas , then leave the shop .
the board , then use your magnet .
your room then talk to Ann and Wolfie .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
talk to Wolfie , then go up to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Give the teeth to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go to the bank .
, then go to the magic shop .
the message board , then leave the guild .
then go to the adventurer school .
building a balloon .
talk to Dr. Pretorius , then show him
talk to Dr. Moebius , then show him
the door , then look at the crane .
returning with the boat .
her the sheet , then return to your room .
then cross the bridge .
then go to science island .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
Wolfie about the balloon , then go to the bank .
1 drachma , then leave the bank .
you cross an island , click on the balloon to land .
the water , then drop the coin in the water .
you heard your future
take the thing that appears then click on the stone in front of the water .
, but give every tree some hippocrene water .
they awake , go to the middle of the forest .
there then listen to the music
it & rsquo ; s over , return to you & rsquo ; re balloon .
your magnet , then sleep till morning .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
king & rsquo ; s then give the proof to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board then go down to the market place .
buy 1 amphora pot for 14 drachmas , then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
the message board then talk to Toro .
the guild , then go down to the beach .
the house , then go to science island .
t eat it .
the inn , then leave the city .
the statue then read it .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
the shop , then leave the city .
it , then read it .
your magnet , then leave the inn .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
3 drachmas , 1 candy for 14 drachmas and a pepperoni pizza for 11 drachmas from Marrak .
the gyro , then enter Hades .
they & rsquo ; re in your way
you & rsquo ; re really hurt .
you & rsquo ; re at the end of the road .
the edge , then continue through the door .
it , immediately go right .
the whirlpool , fill a pot with lethe water .
you see a building .
his done talking , choose no one .
the dragon mouth , then go right through the door .
, use your magnet .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
leave the shop , then go to the hall of king
& rsquo ; s. Give the styx water to the guard .
the gate , look at the message board .
then go talk Andre .
leave the house then go way
left through the archway .
go to the inn , then say
yes to Ann .
the dance , talk to Wolfie , katta and Ann .
the inn , then go up to the market place .
then go to science island .
Gort stood .
the letters of your password , then press enter when correct .
correct
Gort stood .
the letters of your password , then press enter when correct .
correct
, then she will take you to Minos isle
you see the gate , go left until you see a small path with a tree along the mountainside .
you see the gate
you see a small path with a tree along the mountainside
the path then jump to the small wall .
then open the door .
; re away from the door .
the money , then disarm the middle gate .
disarm the chest near the door and take the money
then go to the left .
the rest , then disarm the left gate .
the bed sheet then jump off the ledge .
your magnet , then leave the inn .
575 drachmas and the winged lion for 115 drachmas then buy stealth oil for 21 drachmas .
the guild , then leave the city .
the villains , but don & rsquo ; t search them .
the inn , then go to the beach .
250 drachmas , the amulets for 125 drachmas , the armband for 250 drachmas , the magic leather armor for 750 drachmas , the magic shield for 687 drachmas , the magic sword for 375 drachmas and the magic spear for 250 drachmas .
the archway to the market place , then cross the bridge .
go talk to the girls , then give Nawar a flower
candy and a jewel .
the real blackbird to him , then talk to him .
the guild , then go to the dead parrot inn .
your screen then talk to Ferrari .
, then go talk to the girls .
the ring to Nawar .
the inn , then equip your stealth charm .
the bank , then go up the stairs .
, then again on the other one above .
the grapnel , then sneak .
the table , then get on it .
your room then talk to Ann .
the inn , then go to the beach .
you see an isle with a pool
there , then go to the pillar circle .
swim left to the gate
then look at the hinge on the left gate .
the hinge , but be careful not to use it on yourself .
to the left , then equip your stealth charm .
you see two mermaids , blackjack them but do not search them .
you see two mermaids
the other side , go right until you see door like walls .
you see door like walls
right , but stay low .
you are near the gate .
the palace , go right to the Queen .
her a flower , then talk to her .
the city , use your magnet then unequip your breathing amulet .
the gate , look at the message board .
the city , then fly your balloon to the horse picture .
the inn , then go to the thieves guild .
the guild , then go to the dead parrot inn .
go talk to the girls , then give Nawar the flower
candy and the jewel .
your magnet , then sleep till morning .
sleeping , Elsa will appear .
she disappears .
leave the inn , then go to the adventurer
& rsquo ; s guild .
then go to the adventurer school .
the hall , use your magnet then unequip yourself .
The next evening , you will be taken to the hall of king & rsquo
Minos isle , equip your stealth charm .
you see the gate , go left to the tree then go up the path .
you see the gate
the tree , then continue down to the end of the path .
you see the goon , throw the poison dagger at him .
you see the goon
still , then go blackjack him .
then open the door .
them , then take the toolkit from the table and give it to Elsa .
the gate , then take one fire
the Minotaur , then you will be teleported out to fight
Toro the Minotaur axe , then give all the healing potions to Gort .
the dragon eventually gets loose and you & rsquo ; re all chasing
him through the cave .
attack then give some healing pills to Toro .
the dragon dies , you will all go to the hall of king & rsquo ; s. After the conversation , refuse to be king then say you & rsquo ; re not worthy .
the dragon dies , you will all go to the hall of king
] and in blue are for the Italian release
English Text ] is available .
the tour and read instructions .
The map of Capri is seen
the bottom are : & nbsp ; notebook - shows the dialogue of the characters you meet in the game.Bag- where all the inventory is kept .
all the inventory is kept .
you can start from where you are , from Save , from beginning or more importantly & nbsp
you are , from Save
the active spots are
getting the map in the game , be sure to check it frequently to orient yourself .
playing the game .
reference only .
possible to locating inventory in a certain place to lessen walking around .
approach .
I have seen .
some objects and information taken are not used in the gameplay
and are red herrings or for atmosphere .
you have booked a room at the Quisisana Hotel
but somebody or something is plotting against you ... Do n't give up ( provided you can ) do not refrain from having your weekend !
you ... Do n't give up ( provided you can ) do not refrain from having your weekend !
luckily , you have a notebook with you
the direction arrows can be located
inventory ( Bag ) Coins ( Euro ) , a 15 Euroticketto Capri , two 50 Euro bills and a First Express Credit Card .
it will show up on game screen as 'use ' coin .
active frame and the driver will be paid. & nbsp ; Click Close notebook .
join the line and the newsagent & nbsp ; guides you to Quisisana Hotel - back up , forward to Tourist Office door ( left of newsstand ) with i
( information ) enter and take themapgiven to you .
and go NE direction .
intersection , look close at sign , back up , turn right and forward until the Hotel .
you are in the globe/map at bottom bar .
Go back to newsstand ( 1 ) by Tourist Office ( 2 ) by turning around and go forward .
the sign post you saw earlier. & nbsp ; Go forward
talk again to the newsagent .
you 're Rafele , a shop boy.
& nbsp ; Saporito the greengrocer is looking for you .
you need to bring the newspaper to Mr. Conquibus
the banker at Via Occhio Marino .
Belvedere Cesina Lab Destroyed and that Interdimensional communications is available only at Faraglioni Area .
Greengrocer Saporito Turn around from newsagent .
go forward until fruits are seen on the left .
the 2 ladies that sells fruits and they tell you were Saporito is located
sells
buca di Bacco ( Trattoria Pizzeria Da Serafina ) : ( 5 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Enter and Serafina will tell you
Capri Salad is made with mozzarella
tomatoes and basil .
once , turn right , forward and turn left to enter the greengrocer shop .
this key you can open the house of Costanzo , the caretaker of Belvedere .
he will give you
is where you live .
you live
map and see that Arco Naturale is at the end of Via Matermania
'jumping to ' and select La Croce .
top left .
and go forward to Via Matermania .
wall at right .
Hadrian ' lived here .
the stairs inside the building and go ahead straight to the end .
via Matermania , to Arco Naturale .
, turn left and forward to the path downhill until the end to see the gorgeous scenery .
Mr. Fermino ( 9 ) - Turn back , forward and look close at Mr. Fermino 's
name on the gate to his home .
Mr. Fermino wants the Capri Salad
he ordered at the restaurant at Via Dentecala .
exit the restaurant area and immediately take a left going
down to Grotta Matermania .
Tourist Informer- Go down the stairs and read the sign ( Cibele )
see caverns .
Press the left colored button to start the message and press the right button to stop the message
and it has been pla
the green left button and then cycle the words until 'naturale ' is stated .
naturale made by the green left button .
the words overlap , click the right purple button and readjust the sequence again .
both the green and purple button words are in good cycle , press the left brown button to coincide with 'le ' of the naturale .
good cycle , press the left brown button to coincide with 'le ' of the naturale
the words overlap , click the right brown button and readjust the sequence again .
you should hear the complete sentence
and it has been pla ... ced on the Grotto
, turn around and right down the steps .
you see a card on the ground up the steps by a locked gate .
Giacomo Lembo , born June 29 , 1973 and resides at La Quercinella .
the SW arrow direction and pick up theArugula .
the Terrace Restaurant , turn left to Via Dentacala .
via Matermania , see the white facade and green door of a house with a bell and a 4 hearts sigil .
is made .
active spot appears only after talking to Mr. Fermino
capri Salad is made with mozzarella
tomatoes and basil .
end of Via Dentecala .
go forward take the left forward direction , then take the NW direction
and pick up thewalnutsfrom base of right tree .
, take NW direction , forward to small path until the end .
turning around and forward until the path .
Tamborio:3 clicks from the turn to Via Dentacala are steps going up from Via Matermania to Via Tamborio .
ofPaturzo- Walk at Via Tamborio and enter the Villa compound
framed by ferns and ivies .
remember what he says about the viewpoint of Piazzetta delle Nociwhere you can see Arco Naturale
he says
villa Malaparte and a natural grotto , just above the terrace of a typical restaurant with a kitchen inside. & nbsp ; Look around at the beautiful sceneries .
you find a T at the start of Via Lo
U turn again .
we saw at the start of this path .
the door on the left .
old Capri man ( 13 ) Go forward and meet the old Capri man
and his donkey again and he talks about Jaques Fersen .
, jumping to and select Tiberio .
the road and take the piece of crumpled paper -Fruit Converter chartfrom the stand at the corner .
, go back and then turn left at the road with Fersen written on the path .
the end is Villa Lysis .
Services , then click Start , jumping to and selectla Croce.Turn left , then go straight for Via Tiberio .
[ Go back or click on Services
then click Start , jumping to and select Tiberio .
you used the jumping to , turn around . ]
turn around .
from store , go forward until a split in the road and a pink house at the crossroad .
the wall across the pink house , see a payphone .
'jumping to ' and select Piazzetta .
to the right arched opening between the stores ( right of TOD 's ) .
The lady wants you to get the main ingredients for a Capri cake
: ( 6 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Give him the Arugula and take the10 caprinifrom
intersection and up the ramp by the balloons
you climb up the stairs .
: ( 18 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Go forward until you see stairs on the left ( Via Belvedere Cesina ) .
you see stairs on the left
purple flowered vines .
Villa Jole and bring her caciocavallo .
Turn around and go to the blue door with the flowered vine
the right and take theBagdad Gravitiello Lamp .
and look at the lantern above the flowered vine .
there is split going up
the Mason was .
the forward ( left side - going ) down .
) down
the plumber 's place and take the left path under the covered path .
Exit and turn right , forward pass the camera store and left to the Department Store
you see signs on the pillar on the right .
store and left at path under the sign .
the banker 1st Painter : ( 22 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Check map and see that Via Occhio Marino is at SE of the City.
end of path .
and right again pass the Church
his shop and learn that Count Fourhearts loves music .
end of the road .
wall and see that the road forward leads to where we want to go .
we want to go
you see an intercom with the name Lembo at right .
the greengrocer 's house is .
greengrocer 's House- Look at the map and see that Via Sopramonte
is NE of the city .
Services , then click Start , jumping to and select La Croce. & nbsp ; Turn around to get & nbsp ; the phones on the right side now , forward 4xs , turn right to go up the steps .
the grilled door and pick up thekeyto Costanzo 's house .
the steps up to Via Belvedere Cesina and Rafele 's mother 's
, turn right to go north at Via Belvedere Cesina .
the way , turn left at a gate , enter and take thelemongive by farmer .
door and enter. & nbsp ; Costanzo gives atomatofor his Uncle .
Services , then click Start , jumping to and select La Croce .
top left .
Back up and turn left
the Parish Church and take the left path .
( side path has cat ) and turn left at the side path with a sign Via Belvedere Cesina .
side path has cat
take thewine bottlefrom wine seller ( 28 ) .
the destroyed building and turn right .
there are 2 other laboratories - one at the Gardens and one at Villa Lysis .
there are 2 other laboratories
room and turn right to the ruined courtyard .
turn around and look close at the arrows on the door at the right.h g h h f i Villa Jole - niece : ( 29 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Go back out to the main path
forward to the turnoff sign to Via Belvedere Cesina and turn left .
the caciocavallo & nbsp ; ( yellow ducklike cheese ) from the bag ( use on scene ) , click the lower buzzer and the cheese will be on top of cup .
Villa Jole , forward 5xs and look close at overhanging branch on the path and take thefig .
Services , then click Start , jumping to and select Piazetta .
the Piazzetta , go forward to the right arched opening between the stores ( right of TOD 's ) .
found at the end of Via lo Capo and Gravitiello 's notebook in bag
these 2 clues , deduce the process of fruit conversion .
bag , click on fruit converter , then click on walnut and lemon .
fruit converter again and add pear and cactus fruit to get anorange .
fruit converter again , add orange and fig to getalmonds .
facing the confectioner , click on box given by confectioner in inventory .
scene and give it to confectioner .
it to Mr. Trinchero at via Tiberio .
4 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Give seller 10 caprini from the bag and take the & nbsp
rang .
tones and dial each number and compare it to the tone of the bells .
the first , third and fifth tones are the same
, just find out the 2nd
4th and 6th number .
the payphones are. & nbsp ; Use the phone card on the slot .
you and tells you to check the book of the & nbsp
remember the plaque we saw earlier at Via Matermania
you reach the cream cement pillars with white frames and grill gate .
go forward to the cream cement pillars with white frames and grill gate .
the cake will be placed on the receiving cup.
& nbsp ; Press buzzer again .
take theSkiaccia & amp ;
Vincihe gives for tip .
Go forward to the door and then make the salad
bag , then click on the tomato given by Costanzo , the basil from the pot ( leftmost herb ) and the mozzarella .
ingredients on the door handle .
Click on Services , then click Start , jumping to and select Piazzetta
down at the Piazzetta .
the main gate , up the path , turn right , forward to the second gate .
and go to the lower patio area. & nbsp ; Climb up the steps behind the Lenin obelisk .
the main gardens and enter the building where 2 guardians chat .
2 guardians chat
them has his birthday
you try to take the lit light bulb at the ceiling you 'll be burned .
you try to take the lit
Flip the switch , the room darkens and see an active frame
bag and click it on the active frame .
clicking on it .
the light switch on .
, see Magazzino di Energia Colorata on the wall .
, see the clue printed on the wall - Colored Energy Kit : Bulbs , lamp holder , battery .
, see the active keyhole of the bottom cabinet .
the cabinet keyhole and take thelamp holder .
sure that you have thered , blueandgreenbulbs in the bag
you have thered , blueandgreenbulbs in the bag
from Gravitiello 's notebook , he comments not to use the lamp holders inside the lab .
Click on Services , then click Start , jumping to and select Fersen
, go forward 1-2xs and then comeback .
you meet a dog
( the guardian 's ) and it barks
the gate is opened .
Power Panel- Enter and take the right path outside the villa
floor Plan- Turn around and take thefloor plan of the Villawith labels of the 2nd
0-lower level and 1st floor written on it from the cement ledge at bottom of stairs .
it from the cement ledge at bottom of stairs
going through the door on the right at the room on the left and looking at the floor plan .
stairs , go forward to hall window and look outside to wall plaque .
and enter the room on the right .
and see letters projected on the wall .
nothing happens , go back to the power panel outside and flip the black switch again. & nbsp ; The doors and windows closes and the room darkens .
the code : Based on the last place we where in a dark room , we need to use the colored energy light of the bulbs .
in a dark room , we need to use the colored energy
construct the colored energy kit by clicking on the lamp holder
then click the battery to add it to the lamp holder and a lit button is seen on the lamp holder .
the active frame and see letters .
answersshows up .
I have hidden a postcard in my laboratory
Click on Services , then click Start , jumping to and select La Croce
, turn left at Via Cesina just after the Church of St. Michael .
Via Belvedere Cesina and go forward until the destroyed lab .
the clue here is the 'warmest
regards ' comment by the professor and yet nothing written on the postcard .
Another place is to use the postcard on the flame of the two candles in front of the small Saint statue at Via Lo Capo
increase in difficulty of the game might arise when the postcard is double read .
the postcard is double read
the card or just after the first reading-heating .
the memorial tablet recently posted by King Caprillo the Fifth .
did we hear about that ?
Click on Services , then click Start , jumping to and select La Croce
and it has been placed ... & nbsp
you can see the terrace restaurant
the waiter ( 10 ) is found .
Go back to the photographer shop
bag and leave it on the counter .
the photographer gives you a close uppicture of the memorial
tabletabove the terrace restaurant .
bag and see -Felice the plumber has the Time Machine .
the patio , forward and talk to the Tourist Guide .
the tourist guide , turn right up the stairs and turn right at top of stairs .
the split on the path up the hill , take the left path and take thesunglassesfrom the ground at the end of the path .
the split on the path up the hill , take the left path
Click on Services , then click Start , jumping to and select Tragara
present date and destination date .
the patio restaurant and straight to the shoreline with monoliths on the left .
bag , use on scene and click in active frame .
Services , then click Start , jumping to and select Certosa .
the covered area to the Certosa di S. Giacomo compound ( large brown area bottom of the city map .
Go forward under the green arch and turn left to the library ( Biblioteca )
this is the library
opened by Count Fourhearts .
it is there .
and take the book at right third from top shelf .
the bag and see a translation of the synopsis .
the Yourcenar 's book is delivered & nbsp ; by the Ectroluminescent Librarian
soon as the book is picked up .
the librarian ( the man ) gives important hints
particularly how to escape from the inner area of Villa Jovis .
he says
there is a second arrow
there , suggests to listen to the chirp of the turtle
and advices to run away from Jovis without & quot ; false steps & quot ; . & nbsp ; Exit the library , left and enter the church or the side buildings .
and advices to run away from Jovis without & quot ; false steps & quot ; .
Do not go near the woman leaning by the church door - Mata Haprik ! !
the woman leaning by the church door - Mata Haprik !
! & nbsp ; Take the right hall by the entrance
go to the room with paintings .
end of the room .
gennaro wants you to call him
phone number 45 of your original parallel Capri
dialing both the time prefix and the dimensional prefix .
Click on Services , then click Start , jumping to and select Piazzeta
entering the tobacco shop .
the destroyed lab of Gravitiello .
the arrows -h g h h f ion the Skiaccia & amp ; Vinci .
successfully solving the & nbsp ; Skiaccia & amp ; Vinci puzzle , turn left to and enter tobacco shop .
appears only after successful completion of the puzzle , to get acard for interdimensional cell phones .
seen in the newspaper , this is the area with available interdimensional connection .
Interdimensional prefix= Number of the Dimension you wish to call divided by 2 + 77
the interdimensional prefix is deduced using the Gravitiello 's
notebook and its attached document .
the 5 Universes of the Base Cluster are named MA1 , MA2 , MA3 , MA4 , MA5 .
is our Universe !
the Melito Convention is 1604 .
present dayis based on today 's birthday of Mr. Lembo
one of the guardians at the Gardens .
today is June 29 .
the year is taken from the postcard
sent to Rafele by Carmelina .
the year is 2012 .
today is June 29
theticketyou got when you took the ferry ride .
you took the ferry ride
this is European way of dating
, it translate to March 4
2011 So the number of days between March 4 , 2011 to June 29 , 2012 is483 .
Gravitiello : & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; In bag , look at Interdimensional card .
the blue chip to insert it to cell phone .
do not go near the woman yet .
there is a time machine already set that needs a code
derived from the studies of yellow synthetic light .
he spread the ITIUG-
( Invariant Temporal and Inter-Universal Glue ) in 2 places in the island .
time and universe .
Villa Jovis to the colors seen on the postcard .
the blue dot seen at the postcard
is a blue barrier to the cistern .
you see a split in the path to the left .
the steps , left and climb to the building .
the steps and left .
steps and forward to niche .
, forward and left at main path .
the pillars and then turn left .
pillar , go left and forward to the opening ahead .
, go up the stairs and turn right .
and turn right .
another stairs and forward until the button on arched bricks .
left before another set of step .
forward down the woody area , pass the X fence barrier .
facing a dark opening .
the librarian stated about chirping .
, the turtle chirps as soon as the player
is close to an object to be picked up at Jovis - so listen .
you see the bench again .
the metal steps on the right and take the SE direction
the steps and see the blue whirlpool barrier .
this line barrier brings up the blue whirlpool barrier we just passed through - Trapped !
stairs ( hear the turtle chirp ) , right and takeblue arrowfrom wall .
split in direction .
right wall and takebox .
the cistern : From the blue prism , turn around , forward and right .
vines on the left .
it broke the blue barrier
we came through the first time .
this is not a timed sequence
but you need to get down to the main blue entrance with minimal steps .
here we must rush to the main blue entrance we came through at minimal steps .
Go back to the building by the entrance to the villa
down the brick steps .
split of path , left , up the step and right .
you have n't push the button yet do so to get a light beam .
you have n't push the button
time Machine Piazzetta- Go to the large terrace overlooking the water
there are 3 Green
you will try to come back in time
has happened .
Gravitiello spread the ITIUG-glue on .
the way to Hotel Quisisana , look close at signpost and use the left arrow from the bag on the Hotel Quisisana .
and turn left 2xs .
left , change the arrow on the sign to Hotel Quisisana to right pointing arrow .
you are being watched.Save Game here !
the transformer , then click on the time machine and it will be transformed into abust of Gravitiello .
you did n't transform the time machine
it will be stolen .
and go right to the side chapel at left .
time Machine Code- Based on the colored beams seen using the telescopic
view finder at the lookout area and the sequence seen from top to bottom when the prism was placed on the yellow light at the building at Villa Jovis ; the code to be pressed is : 3 Green , 4 Red , 1 Yellow , 5 White , 3 Blue .
the prism was placed on the yellow light at the building at Villa Jovis
correctly done , you are brought back during your own time just about to embark to Capri .
, you are brought back during your own time just about to embark to Capri
you get to Capri
you changed .
was changed .
you bumped into Professor Gravitiello
and spilled his documents .
she will tell you the correct way .
fun , the game may be resumed from the saved location before activating the Time Machine at the Charterhouse , in the case only one arrow ( the first one , pointing to the left ) is glued to its sign .
the case only one arrow ( the first one , pointing to the left ) is glued to its sign .
images is generated after asking for directions to the Quisisana Hotel .
the sand greets you while his father Gey relaxes .
this document may not be distributed without express written permission of the author
and the content may not be altered in any way .
clicking on the flags .
the Exploration mode and read instructions .
where to start the game : from the beginning , where you left off or from a saved game .
you left off or from a saved game
they have been visited initially : Piazzetta , La Croce , Arco Naturale , Grotta di Matermania , Piacetta delle Noci , Tiberio , Cesina , Faraglioni , Tragara , Certosa , Giardini di Augusto , Via Krupp , Villa Fersen and Villa Jovis .
you read this information .
you are in the map .
you can replay the dialogues spoken by the characters .
can be jumped to .
actions can be done .
getting the map in the game , be sure to check it frequently to orient yourself .
playing the game .
reference only .
possible to locating inventory in a certain place to lessen walking around .
approach .
some objects and information taken are not used in the gameplay
and are red herrings or for atmosphere .
there are dead
ends in the game .
it might arise if certain action is taken .
that actions can be replayed .
Italy March 2011 : You are a tourist
you have booked a room at the Quisisana Hotel
but somebody or something is plotting against you ... Do n't give up ( provided you can ) do not refrain from having your weekend !
you ... Do n't give up ( provided you can ) do not refrain from having your weekend !
Coins ( Euro ) , a 15 Euroticketto Capri , hotel reservation letter , two 50 Euro billsand aFirst Express Credit Card
you selected to use the hotspot from in-game menu
click on the black frames-rectangles in the scenes .
piazza , turn right and forward to a taxi .
'Use ' and it will show up on game screen as coin cursor .
active frame and the driver will be paid .
; and she guides you to Quisisana Hotel .
, forward to Tourist Office door ( left of newsstand ) with i ( information ) and enter .
, turn right and forward until the Hotel at end of road .
you are in the world map at bottom bar .
Go back to newsstand ( 1 ) by Tourist Office ( 2 ) by turning around and go forward .
the intersection-sign post you saw earlier. & nbsp ; Go forward
talk again to the newsagent .
you are Rafele , a shop boy.
& nbsp ; Saporito the greengrocer is looking for you .
you need to bring the newspaper to Mr. Conquibus
the banker at Via Occhio Marino .
look for Greengrocer Saporito :
Turn around from newsagent .
go left , forward to the arched opening left of Tod 's
and go forward until fruits are seen on the left .
the 2 ladies that sells fruits and they tell you were Saporito is located
sells
and turn left .
look right and Serafina tells you that Capri Salad is made with mozzarella
tomatoes and basil .
main path and then immediately turn left
, forward and turn left to enter the greengrocer shop .
P R Canale -Greengrocer : ( 6 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; The greengrocer Saporito gives you apostcardleft by your mother
this key you can open the house of Costanzo , the caretaker of Belvedere .
he will give you
is where you Rafele Nannini live .
you Rafele Nannini live
you climb up the steps
: ( 18 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Go forward until you see stairs on the left ( Via Belvedere Cesina , screen #108 ) .
you see stairs on the left
purple flowered vines .
Villa Jole and bring her caciocavallo .
Turn around and look at the lantern above the flowered vine
the right and take theGravitiello Lamp .
the steps going down .
there is split going up
forward close to where the Mason was ( screen 1820 ) .
the Mason was
the forward left side - going down path .
the plumber 's place and take the left path under the covered path ( screen 893 ) .
left to the Delicatessen ( screen 320 ) .
Exit and turn right
left to the Department Store .
you see signs on the pillar on the right ( screen 918 ) .
the right end of the island and close to Via Matermania .
the tile pottery seller , go left .
the split in the road , take the upper left path until reaching a 4-way intersection .
and go right to Via Matermania .
right.Marguerite Yourcenar , French Authoress of 'The Memoirs of Hadrian ' lived here .
path to take .
via Matermania to Arco Naturale path .
a gate and see a brown statue .
Go forward and turn left to go inside the restaurant
says while peeling potatoes. & nbsp ; Go forward to the path downhill until the end to see gorgeous scenery .
Mr. Fermino ( 9 ) : & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Turn back , forward and look close at Mr. Fermino 's
name on the gate to his home ( screen 565 ) .
Mr. Fermino wants the Capri Salad
he ordered at the restaurant at Via Dentecala .
the stairs and see a sign about Grotta di Matermania
see caverns .
hole and see a constellation .
the second area has Informatore Turistico
or Tourist Informer at the back of the cave .
Press the left colored button to start the message and press the right button to stop the message
and it has been pla
the green left button and then cycle the words until 'naturale ' is stated .
naturale made by the green left button .
the words overlap , click the right purple button and readjust the sequence again .
both the green and purple button words are in good cycle , press the left brown button to coincide with 'le ' of the naturale .
good cycle , press the left brown button to coincide with 'le ' of the naturale
the words overlap , click the right brown button and readjust the sequence again .
you should hear the complete sentence
and it has been pla ... ced on the Grotto
; turn around and down the steps at right .
Go forward down the steps , to the path and up the steps until you see a card on the ground up the steps by a locked gate ( screen 5908 )
you see a card on the ground
Giacomo Lembo , born June 29 , 1973 and resides at LaQuercianella .
the SW arrow direction ( screen 5219 ) and pick up theArugula .
the arugula was taken and go forward until a side path with grill fence going down ( screen 5722 , ~45 clicks away ) .
a side path with grill fence going down
top of the stairs , go left and forward .
screen 519 , turn around .
left and see the brown statue .
statue and see what it is thinking in a balloon .
it is thinking in a balloon
Climb back up the stairs from the ruins-caves
top of the stairs , go left ( right is the Terrace Restaurant ) .
the Terrace Restaurant ( pass Via Tamborio at right ) , turn left to Via Dentacala .
active spot appears only after talking to Mr. Fermino
capri Salad is made with mozzarella
tomatoes and basil .
end of Via Dentecala ( screen 296 ) .
turning around and forward until the path .
Take the right path after turning back from the woods and look at the gorgeous scenery
you can walk back to Via Matermania
or jump to Grotta di Matermania .
Tamborio : 3 clicks from the turn to Via Dentacala are steps going up from Via Matermania to Via Tamborio or from Grotta Matermania , climb the stairs and go left .
Tamborio : 3 clicks from the turn to Via Dentacala are steps going up from Via Matermania to Via Tamborio
the Villa compound framed by ferns and ivies ( screen 7851 ) .
he says about the viewpoint of Piazzetta delle Noci ... where you can see Arco Naturale , villa Malaparte and a natural grotto , just above the terrace of a typical restaurant with a kitchen inside. & nbsp ; Look around at the beautiful sceneries and donkeys .
you can see Arco Naturale
, go right .
another split on the road with a pink house at the crossroad .
and see a payphone .
and continue on Via Tiberio at left path .
left ( screen 965 ) and take thecatalogueof Professor Costanzo Gravitiello 's Inventions .
2 clicks from the shop ( screen 6036 ) , look right through a gate and see a statue
statue and see what it is thinking in a balloon .
it is thinking in a balloon
the end of the path , see that the gate to Villa Jovis is locked .
and see the path go right and forward .
the road and take the piece of crumpled paper -Fruit Converter chartfrom the bench at the corner .
Turn around , go back and then turn left at the path with Fersen written on the wall
the end is Villa Fersen .
the Piazzetta , go forward to the other side of the piazza .
arched opening between the stores ( right of TOD 's ) .
there 's aTobacco shopat immediate
left.Enter the shop .
you through the glass .
left to the confectionery shop .
The lady wants you to get the main ingredients for a Capri cake
exit the shop , go left , left again on side street
forward and enter the greengrocer shop .
Go left from Saporito the greengrocer
end of the path .
1st Painter : ( 22 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Go forward 2xs and enter the 1st
painter 's place ( screen 1925 ) .
another split in road ( 1905 ) and then turn right .
end of the road .
you see an intercom-teleconveyor with the name Lembo at right ( screen 2881 ) .
then click it on the receiving cup of the teleconveyer .
his sister says
that Lembo went fishing for octopus .
the greengrocer 's house is located .
greengrocer 's House : Look at the city map and see that Via Sopramonte
is north of the city .
The red payphones should be on the right side now .
forward 4xs , turn right and go up the steps to the top ( screen 1 ) .
the grilled door and pick up thekeyto Costanzo 's house .
Go down the steps and turn right and forward until the steps up to Via Belvedere Cesina and Rafele 's mother 's house at right ( screen 6 )
the way , turn left at a gate ( screen 2557 ) , enter and take thelemongive by farmer .
the path just outside the farmer 's gate ( screen 131 ) and continue northward. & nbsp ; Nephew-Costanzo : ( 27 ) & nbsp ; Go forward until the black door of the Belvedere .
door and enter. & nbsp ; Costanzo gives atomatofor his Uncle .
jumping here .
Back up and turn around from the intersection to face the north fork of the road
side path has cat
take thewine bottlefrom wine seller Totore ( 28 ) .
the destroyed building and turn right .
there are 2 other laboratories - one at the Gardens and one at Villa Lysis-Fersen .
there are 2 other laboratories
closing the notebook .
room and turn right to the ruined courtyard .
and look close at the arrows on the door at the right .
villa Jole - niece : ( 29 ) & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Go back out to the main path
forward to the turnoff sign to Via Belvedere Cesina and turn left ( screen 414 ) .
the caciocavallo & nbsp ; ( yellow ducklike cheese ) from the suitcase and click it on top of cup
from Villa Jole , forward 5xs ( screen 255 ) and look close at overhanging branch on the path
the Piazzetta , go forward and go right through the arched opening between the stores ( right of TOD 's ) .
found at the end of Via lo Capo and Gravitiello 's notebook in suitcase
these 2 clues , deduce the process of fruit conversion .
suitcase , click on fruit converter and then click on walnut and lemon .
and get anorange .
fruit converter again ; add orange and fig to getalmonds .
facing the confectioner , click on box given by confectioner in inventory .
it on confectioner .
it to Mr. Trinchero at Via Tiberio .
the suitcase and take the white ball ofmozzarella .
white frames and grill gate ( scene 6058 ) .
suitcase , use on the cup at top .
the cake will be placed on the receiving cup.
& nbsp ; Press the green buzzer to send the cake on .
take theSkiaccia & amp ;
Vincihe gives for tip .
and go forward until the restaurant at left ( screen 9104 ) .
Go forward to the door and then make the salad
inventory click on bag , then click on the tomato given by Costanzo , the basil from the pot ( leftmost herb ) and the white mozzarella .
ingredients on the door handle .
back to Mr. Fermino .
Then press the green button again .
rang .
and go forward until the white facade and bell at left ( screen 273 ) .
tones and dial each number and compare it to the tone of the bells .
the first , third and fifth tones are the same
, just find out the 2nd
4th and 6th number .
the payphones are. & nbsp ; Look close at the far payphone .
you and tells you the message from Prof. Gravitiello .
he says
to check the book of the & nbsp ; French Authoress who lived in Capri many years ago .
you have not taken
here and walk the path close to the coastline .
you took Lembo 's digital fingerprint card and reach the area
you got the arugula
the arugula was taken and go forward until a side path with grill fence going down ( screen 5722 , ~45 clicks away ) .
a side path with grill fence going down
they are thinking .
coherent thoughts , use the telecular on their head and note the clues .
one statue to another until all 9 coherent statues are examined .
arrival from the jump .
the gate at left .
the head and note the clue .
the path and see a statue of a woman with basket of flowers .
the head and note the clue .
the jump , go left and forward at next intersection ( screen 926 ) .
the bottom of the steps , take a left and forward until screen 2070 .
the corner ( Casa Silvana ) to see a statue of Eros .
the head and note the clue .
ViaMatteottiuntil reaching Via Krupp ( check the map ) .
the statues , use the telecular on the heads and note the clues .
and then go left .
climb the steps on the right this time .
top right active area to the very top balcony. & nbsp ; Check the heads of the 2 lions .
the heads and note the clues .
to find the gray key .
Krupp : Turn around from lions and go down the steps until the main road below .
there are 3 metal
statues at the bottom .
them using the telecular .
seeing the fire , look at the feet and take thematches .
2 guardians chat .
them has his birthday
he is Mr. Lembo
and today is his birthday .
the guardians to another screen and then comeback .
the red bulb turned on , see Magazzino di Energia Colorata on the wall .
, see Magazzino di Energia Colorata on the wall .
you try to take the lit light bulb at the ceiling you 'll be burned.Each bulb can be taken by clicking on it only if it is turned off .
you try to take the lit
it only if it is turned off
it is turned off
suitcase and use it on the active frame .
clicking on it .
Mr. Fermino and then turn the light switch on .
, see the clue printed on the wall - Colored light kit : bulbs , lamp holder , battery .
the light switch on .
, see the active keyhole of the bottom cabinet .
the cabinet keyhole and take thelamp holder .
sure that you have thered , blueandgreenbulbs in the suitcase
you have thered , blueandgreenbulbs in the suitcase
from Gravitiello 's notebook , he comments not to use the lamp holders inside the lab .
the jump , go forward until the next intersection ( screen 627 ) .
the bottom of the steps , take a left and forward until screen 3119 and right down the steps of Scala Tuoro .
a nice lookout-patio and the pensioner sitting on the bench .
back of patio .
the bottom of the steps , see that the path splits to 3 .
the steps to the beach .
and go back up one click .
the restaurant or jump to Faraglioni .
This time go to the other beach area with the white building
Dimensional prefix = Dimension number divided by 2 + 77 .
today and destination date .
, forward to the blue chairs ahead and beside the building ( not the ones if you turn left ) .
you turn left
suitcase , use on scene and click in active frame .
he has important information
found in an envelope at the Charterhouse .
down at the Piazzetta .
the building and turn right .
, use the grey key on the keyhole at left .
right of the lookout .
the road and turn right after red stone fence with red bricks ( screen 6157 ) .
, go forward 2xs , hear a dog bark and then turn around .
you see a dog ( the guardian 's )
the gate is opened .
Power Panel- Enter and take the right path outside the villa
, go down and take thefloor plan of the Villawith labels of the -1 ( lower level ) , 0 ( main floor ) and 1st floor written on it from the cement ledge at bottom of stairs .
it from the cement ledge at bottom of stairs
Go back to the foyer
stairs , go forward to hall window and look outside to wall plaque .
and enter the room on the right .
and see letters projected on the wall .
nothing happens , go back to the power panel outside and flip the black switch again. & nbsp ; The doors and windows closes and the room darken .
the code : Based on the last dark room we were in , we need to use the colored light of the bulbs .
, we need to use the colored light of the bulbs
the active frame and see letters .
blue light bulbs : click on lamp holder , add bulb and use on screen .
answersshows up .
I have hidden a postcard in my laboratory
blank Postcard Puzzle : The clue here is the 'WARMEST
regards ' comment by the professor and yet nothing written on the postcard .
front of the oven .
close up of the oven .
the flame of the two candles in front of the small Saint Peter statue at Via Lo Capo .
close up of the statue .
the confectionery and just before the department store .
the memorial tablet recently posted by King Caprillo the Fifth .
did we hear about that ?
and it has been placed ... & nbsp
you can see the terrace restaurant
arriving after the jump , go forward .
face the water and then turn around. & nbsp
; Then go right in order to see the cliffside .
Go back to the photographer shop
it on the counter at right .
the photographer gives you a close uppicture of the memorial
tabletabove the terrace restaurant .
suitcase and see -Felice the plumber has the Time Machine .
the stairs to the corner of Via Occhio Marino ( in front of Hotel Floridiana , screen 1550 ) .
immediately turn around .
Click on the tile on the wall left of the steps
a tile and then on the tile you want to replace .
Climb the stairs again right of the tile puzzle
the top , take the right path to be at Via Tragara .
go right back to town.Goforward the Certosa di S. Giacomo compound ( right exit beside the city map ) .
go left .
and turn left to the library ( Biblioteca )
this is the library
opened by Count Fourhearts .
he said
French Authoress who lived in Capri many years ago- remember the plaque we saw earlier at Via Matermania
you have n't yet
check the plaque at Via Matermania .
it states : Marguerite Yourcenar
French Authoress of 'The Memoirs of Hadrian ' lived here .
it is there .
well as hear the alarm .
the suitcase and see a translation of the synopsis .
and talk to the librarian .
the librarian ( the man ) gives important hints
particularly how to escape from the inner area of Villa Jovis .
he says
there is a second arrow
there ; suggests to listen to the chirp of the turtle
and advices to rush to exit in case of trouble .
Go left to a hallway
SAVE GAME here in case of a mistake .
do not go near the woman leaning by the church door - Mata Haprik ! !
the woman leaning by the church door - Mata Haprik !
end of the room .
gennaro wants you to call him
phone number 45 of your original parallel Capri
dialing both the time prefix and the dimensional prefix .
the open archway once and see the Tobacco shop at left .
entering the tobacco shop .
the clue is the markings
found on the door frame of the destroyed lab of Gravitiello .
down on the Skiaccia & amp ; Vinci .
successfully solving the Skiaccia & amp ; Vinci puzzle
turn left and enter tobacco shop .
appears only after successful completion of the puzzle , to get acard for interdimensional cell phones .
the path going straight ( white building ) to the DaLuigi Beach and Restaurant .
seen in the newspaper , this is the area with available interdimensional connection .
Interdimensional prefix= Number of the Dimension you wish to call divided by 2 + 77
the interdimensional prefix is deduced using the Gravitiello 's
notebook and its attached document .
the 5 Universes of the Base Cluster are named MA1 , MA2 , MA3 , MA4 , MA5 .
is our Universe !
the Melito Convention is 1604 .
present dayis based on today 's birthday of Mr. Lembo
one of the guardians at the Gardens .
today is June 29 .
the year is taken from the postcard
sent to Rafele by Carmelina .
the year is 2012 .
today is June 29
theticketyou got when you took the ferry ride .
you took the ferry ride
this is European way of dating
, it translate to March 4
2011 So the number of days between March 4 , 2011 to June 29 , 2012 is483 .
Gravitiello : & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; In suitcase , look at Interdimensional card .
the blue chip to insert it to cell phone .
left at the end of the main path .
SAVE GAME here in case of a mistake .
do not go near the woman yet .
take the second letter ;
this one is from the local Gravitiello .
there is a time machine already set that needs a code
derived from the studies of yellow synthetic light .
the prism , find the code then put the time machine on top of the side altar in the Charterhouse .
you to put the ITIUG- ( Invariant Temporal and Inter-Universal Glue ) on 2 road signs .
time and universe .
not , you will be simply disintegrated .
there is aVilla Jovis postcardwith red
yellow and blue dots around the area and akeyon the other side .
the postcard and position yourself as hidden at the right woody area in the postcard .
Villa Jovis to the colors seen on the postcard .
the blue dot seen at the postcard
is a blue barrier to the cistern .
you see a split in the path-steps ( screen 8799 ) to the left .
the steps , left and climb to the building .
, forward and left at main path .
Let 's take the long way around and backtrack to the next button
nbsp ; 7 .
turn right twice ( 8267 ) .
nbsp ; 10 .
and go forward to archway .
another stairs and forward until the button on arched bricks ( screen 8235 ) .
Turn left to climb steps to the very top landing with a pipe on the ground
left before another set of step .
you see a dark opening in the wall with vines ( screen 8549 ) .
the opening and be inside the building .
the librarian stated about chirping .
, the turtle chirps as soon as the player
is close to an object to be picked up at Jovis - so listen .
the fence and forward until you see the bench again at left .
you see the bench
nbsp ; 12 .
, turn right , right down the steps and see the barrier ( 8312 ) .
this line barrier brings up the entryway barrier we just passed through - Trapped !
you go back to check see the head of Emperor Tiberius by the barrier .
the turtle chirp , turn around and takeblue arrowfrom wall .
you continue around the corner you will see another barrier with the bust of Emperor Tiberius .
you continue around the corner
split in direction ( screen 8216 ) .
see bright light ahead .
right wall and takebox .
the cistern : The bright light is gone .
the blue prism , turn around , forward and right .
then left .
you might want to raise the brightness of your monitor here
forward inside the room and then turn around .
it broke the barrier
we came through the first time.Wait until the rings around the button finish glowing .
this is not a timed sequence
but you need to get down to the main blue entrance with minimal steps .
any additional step ( s ) , hesitation will bring the barrier
back up and you have to push that blue button again .
Go back to the building by the entrance to the villa
down the brick steps .
split of path ( screen 8246 ) , left , up the step and right .
and go forward to the far end of the balcony overlooking the water facing south .
the terrace , go to Piazzetta at left .
the department store beside the camera store .
you first enter the store .
you will try to come back in time
has happened .
find the signs : Now to find the 2 signs that Gravitiello told us to spread
the ITIUG-glue and change arrow on .
this will stick any object on the sign
and will not be changed through universe and time .
game ( dead ) ends .
the way to Hotel Quisisana , look close at signpost and use the left arrow from the suitcase on the Hotel Quisisana .
and turn left 2xs .
left and change the arrow on the sign to Hotel Quisisana to right pointing arrow .
Save Game here to prevent dead ends or game ends .
you have to hide the machine before meeting the dark lady
you do the above actions .
you are being watched .
watched
In suitcase , click on the transformer , then click on the time machine and it will be transformed into abust of Gravitiello
end of hallway .
twice and enter the church .
and go left .
you did n't transform the time machine
it will be stolen .
game ends.You may wander forever in Capri without meeting neither Mata Haprik
go right to the altar .
time Machine Code- Based on the colored beams seen using the telescopic
view finder at the lookout area and the sequence seen from top to bottom when the prism was placed on the yellow light at the building at Villa Jovis ; the code to be pressed is : 3 - Green , 4 - Red , 1 - Yellow , 5 - White , 3 - Blue .
the prism was placed on the yellow light at the building at Villa Jovis
correctly done , you are brought back during your own time just about to embark to Capri
you get to Capri
you changed .
was changed .
Professor Gravitiello and spill his documents .
she will tell you the correct way .
fun , the game may be resumed from the saved location before placing the arrows .
again and see what happens when you follow the wrong arrow to the left .
you follow the wrong arrow to the left
& nbsp ; This document may not be distributed without express written permission of the author
and the content may not be altered in any way .
this walkthrough is presented with permission by the author
Mr. Norris who was one of the designers of The Quivering .
collect the Ghoul Cube .
you collect this , you wo n't be able to collect objects .
you started , and enter the `` Slaughtered Ham '' pub .
you ask the right questions
he will eventually hand over the Key to Uncle 's front gate .
you are in the pub
talk to the Policeman playing darts .
this will open up conversations that you can then have with the man
you can then have with the man
trapped in the gibbet ( at the crossroads ) .
the Vicar intervenes , go and talk to the Vicar .
the correct choice of conversation , the Vicar will allow you to collect the Glass of Water .
the way , note the Mapstone on the outskirts of the village ( a pointy monolith of rock with a pentagram etched on it ) .
a pentagram etched on it
order to jump locations between Mapstones .
there is one at the end of each alley in the village
one behind the cross outside the pub , one behind the wall ( on your right , when approaching the crossroads ) , an d one in the backseat of the car ( which you pass , after turning right at the crossroads ) .
you pass , after turning right at the crossroads
past the car , the graveyard , and the next building on your right is uncle 's house .
the gate , and it will open before your eyes .
order to reach Level 2 , you will need four ingredients for a potion that will turn Gore back into his normal self .
this is reachable via the ladder
going down in the entrance hall ( to your left ) .
you find each of the four main ingredients
you must use ( place them ) in this pot .
the four ingredients are the Local Brew ( in the cellar of the pub , guarded by the landlady
who can be distracted by putting on a show ) , the Illuminous Fungus ( found in the basement underneath the Shack in the Dark Woods ) , the Vampire 's Teeth ( taken from the sleeping vampire , in the graveyard , when he takes them out to sleep at night ) , and the Light of the Pharaohs ( found in Egypt , reached via a time portal located on the other side of the swamp ) .
he takes them out to sleep
you are here
collect the Lamp from Gore 's Bedroom ( in Uncle 's House -- the room with Gore 's pet rat ) .
will need to be noted down .
using all of the books .
one book opens the secret room
the secret room contains a nonlethal ghost
but also a Crystal Egg that should be collected .
him show you the Burgers .
you can now talk to about Burgers .
you and find the Burgers .
the kitchen worktop -- the chef will try and kill him .
the mayhem that ensues , collect the Burgers and the blue and white Jug ( to collect the Local Brew in ) .
the Local Brew , you should already have at least the Lamp and the Jug .
or you will be killed in the darkness
the Mapstone ( before crossing the bridge ) and use it .
you do n't have an Imp , there is at least one in the woods to collect
you do n't have an Imp
the Imp has tried , and died , collect the Axe yourself from the Imp 's outstretched hand .
the Kitchen , collect the Vacuum Cleaner .
the shack is a shed .
down the door .
finding the Happy Tree ( it is singing ) .
it is singing
use an imp and the Axe ( combined in your inventory ) to produce an Axe Imp
again , and cut down the tree .
the Darkwoods and use it to transport you to Uncle 's Garden .
there , find the Library and the book-activated secret room .
up the Ghost .
he was so ugly , he will now happily be collected
ugly , he will now happily be collected
the landlady distracted , you can now get down into the pub cellar .
, collect the Weedkiller and use the Jug
on the tap to collect ... the Local Brew !
use it on the pot .
the Illuminous Fungus , located underneath the Evil Shack in the Darkwoods , you will require the Blowtorch , Zombie Gun , and Gas Mask .
your inventory , combine an Imp with the Weedkiller to produce a Weedkiller Imp .
the Weedkiller Imp to his death , poisoning the Killer Plant in the process .
you are in the greenhouse
note the Seeds that are high on a shelf near the door .
the inventory , and use it to open the gate to the graveyard .
back to the Darkwoods , and eventually the Evil Shack .
the inventory produce a Blowtorch Imp to open the trap door .
Get your Zombie Gun ready ( in hand ) .
thus , any location you find with two zombies visible should be exited
only one exists in a location
and take a chunk of Illuminous Fungus .
the cave and again get your Zombie Gun ready .
you have n't already
you must shoot the zombie under the stairs ( or you will not be able to escape ) .
or you will not be able to escape
leave the Mushroom Cave and take the first right , then first left
you should see a zombie
cowering under the stairs .
then renegotiate the maze out and back to Uncle 's
the Vampire will take out his teeth when he is asleep in his crypt
he is asleep in his crypt
but currently he 's hovering outside the Library .
, through the correct conversations ( provided you have spoken to the Policemen already ) , you will strike
a deal and receive the Car Keys .
and drive the Car to the Gates Motel ( and too fast for the Werewolf to catch you ) .
the Gates Motel ( in black and white -- so do not adjust your monitor ) , head up towards the front door .
there are three cases
you to hide
and a desk and bell .
ringing the bell will cause the Bell Boy
( monkey ) to collect a case and take it to a room .
( ring ) the bell and move ( get into ) the third ( rightmost ) suitcase .
the room , and then run back to the car via the broken bathroom window .
in the car , use the keys ( still in the ignition ) .
you back to the graveyard .
the table beside the coffin .
the Light of the Pharaohs is located in Ancient Egypt
located at the far side of the swamp !
you already have everything you need : two Imps , Dinghy , Crystal Egg , Burgers , and Flute
and you should have noted the symbols ( four groups of three , and a final picture ) in the Egypt book from the Library .
the swamp is a maze
and if you do n't get to other side quickly enough , the Swamp Monster will get you .
you do n't get to other side
six possible exits ( rather than the standard four ) , and map it likewise as you try .
the other side of the swamp is a Mapstone .
it , and you will never need to cross the swamp again
the snake room , create a Flute Imp , to keep the snakes distracted .
appears above the door with the symbols from the book .
each symbol appears , click on one wheel on the left and one on the right
hoping for the match .
you complete this puzzle ( which relies on the clarity of the notes you took from the Library )
relies on the clarity of the notes you took from the Library
you will move on .
the Mummy Room , make a Fat Imp ( Imp plus Burgers ) and place him on the sarcophagus ahead .
a Fat Imp ( Imp plus Burgers ) and place him on the sarcophagus ahead
the mirror formation is correct .
turn the wheel for the well .
the configuration is correct , the Light of the Pharaohs will appear .
the Crystal Egg and head back to the underground Laboratory in Uncle 's House .
the pot , the Pot will be ready to take
use the Pot on Gore , the monster guarding the stairs
who will turn back into Gore and go look for his pet rat .
, but you had this walkthrough which solved all the puzzles for you ... Level 2 The key to this level is to collect the Brains and plug them into the Brain Machine for transference into the Frankenstein Monster .
you ... Level 2 The key to this level is to collect the Brains and plug
there are three Brains to be found around the upstairs levels
you collect each of these , you use them on the jars in the Brain Machine .
these , you use them on the jars in the Brain Machine .
situ in the machine , a number will light up on the Brain Machine .
( pressing ) the numbered buttons will transfer the specific Brain into the monster .
the second Brain from the Butler , you are required to have the Black Tie .
your cousin is sitting in a chair .
it is on the other side of the room
in the drawers , so you must go past him .
he is not a Werewolf
the moon in the window is covered by cloud .
you get the Black Tie , go back and see the Butler .
you get the Black Tie
the third Brain from the Scarecrow , you are required to have the Pumpkin .
the one from the gibbet !
he does , put an Imp in the torture device ( rack ) instead , and encourage the Torturer to stretch the Imp .
he does , put an Imp in the torture device
he does turn the rack once , get ( collect ) the Stretched Imp .
he does turn the rack
Uncle 's House and find the character with the bag for a head .
the portal , use the Scientist Brain in the machine ( press 1 ( ? ) ) .
? )
the Scientist monster will then open the portal
back to Big D 's home dimension .
? )
the Madman monster will send Big D
back to his home dimension .
Big D sent back to his home dimension , the Level is complete .
a big `` well done
'' is in order for following these instructions correctly ... Level 3 You are now in a theme park .
order for following these instructions correctly ... Level 3 You are now in a theme park
the theme park is divided into three sections
separated by a cave : a south side ( where you are initially standing , containing the entrance ) , a north side ( containing the roller coaster and one armed bandit ) , and an east side ( containing Big D 's castle ) .
you are initially standing , containing the entrance
you have the Entrance Ticket .
the Entrance Ticket , you will need to win it at the Duck Shoot stall .
, you will need the Machine Gun .
to get more Imps ( for saving the game and for solving puzzles ) , you must use the One-Armed Bandit
located at north side of the theme park .
playing the game is free
but depending on your luck and skill , it will kill you almost as many times as you win .
your luck and skill , it will kill you almost as many times as you win
you win
the method is to get two or three Imps without dying
, then use an Imp to save
and do the same again until you have a good store of them .
you have a good store
the One-Armed Bandit , you will also win Tokens for the Grabber Machine ( just over the fence to you ) .
, and you should take his picture ( use the Camera ) .
a normal Imp would refuse !
this will cause the motorcycle
inside to crash .
turn will cause the Motorcycle Helmet to be thrown out onto a post .
, collect the Glue , just hanging around
outside the Wall of Death .
we have n't mentioned is the broken roller coaster .
the broken roller coaster , you will require the Toolbox , Balloon , and Imp to make a Floating Toolbox Imp .
you also need another Balloon and the Magnet
( which you already have ) to solve the puzzle .
you already have
we have these .
it is a dangerous place
the only object you need to retrieve from the Funhouse
is the Spanner .
the Spanner is found within one
of the mirrors in the Hall of Mirrors .
fast as possible ( like you need telling twice ) .
you need telling twice
a Spanner Imp ( Spanner plus Imp ) and use it on the central bolt ( which holds the planes ) .
you have the Crash Helmet ( which you do )
you do
the resulting crash will not be fatal .
it will , however
be fatal to the Punch and Judy Stall , which previously blocked your path .
the Ghost Train and get the Mat if you like ( it 's actually a red herring ! ) .
you like
it 's actually a red herring !
enter the Ghost Train --
ride it through and watch for the clues .
a Gluey Imp , and put him in a Ghost Train Car .
as it opens heavy doors for you ( being careful not to be killed by the car as it comes around the track again ) .
it opens heavy doors for you
it comes around the track again
the car comes around again , the Pop-up mechanism will propel you through the air .
again , the Pop-up mechanism will propel you through the air .
follow it .
( at the skeletons ) , you will be near the drop down Witch
the car approaches again -- you will have to click on her .
being either being run down or sawed in half .
you can quickly escape out
the base by the breakage in the track .
he would be annoyed if you already had one
you already had one
the track fixed , you can ride the roller coaster .
, you can ride the roller coaster
( attract ) the Keys from the Handyman .
the ride ends , go back to the ghost train .
, use the Keys to unlock the locked door .
inside the Castle , you will meet Big D
again , and he will kill you .
, playing as the Elvis Monster , you must defeat all of the monsters thrown
at you by clicking on them .
, you are on you own
you own
here for this arcade section .
: You normally have some time while skeletons
get up on the outer ledge before attacking .
a sequence -- the attacks are not random .
you climb up the last ladder ( after the birds )
the game will finally end .
This is a mixed keyboard and mouse third person game
the main menu has new game
continue , settings , preview and exit game .
the system settings are for the degree of hints
subtitles and volume .
screen resolution and graphics quality. & nbsp ; Preview shows a trailer of the forthcoming episodes in the series .
, start game and back .
use the mouse buttons ;
enter key or space bar to perform an action .
the game , select bookmark from main menu .
you leave off.Thanks , gremlin .
the in-game menu has resume game
your game ( load ) , settings , new game and exit game .
Fright of the Bumblebees Wallace and Gromit 's home at #62 at West Wallaby St. Make Breakfast
home
there is a newspaper with the headline
Robot Rodent Savages Shop beside the Sniffer 3000 blueprint .
The buzzer sounds and Wallace wants his breakfast
it is Gromit 's
turn to fix breakfast .
see that mail has arrived .
they are all bills
A badger on wheels comes out of the portrait above the fireplace
and brings the pen .
the house and see the door to the cellar under the stairs at right and the kitchen ahead .
Enter the kitchen and look around
The toast is nabbed by a squirrel , Nutter
he leaves paw print on an empty
something is missing to collect the egg
and bring it to the cracker part of the set up .
Where did we see that same wheel before
Go back to dining room
Use the toast , honey and egg with Wallace
The bees are hungry
, sweet nectar out .
the magnetronic pollinator and get a er ... a drop of honey.We need more flowers !
Wallace takes theQuick Grow Muscle Formula advertisementby the mail slot
Wallace 's house is #62 at West Wallaby St. Look around the garden
see Techno Trousers mow the yard .
check the 2 gnomes and see that one
is missing a bat and the other is holding a 'go ' sign .
go sign and see that it turns part of the yard over to a pond .
it turns part of the yard over to a pond
Go to the patch of ground with no grass left of the gate
the gate and go to Major Crum sitting on the bench at the Bus Stop
evidenced by a snail .
emergencies only .
he is expecting air raid
sirens any minute .
Go back to Felicity , the neighbor
he wants to be recommissioned
but he needs helmet
dog tag and someone to distribute the grotein bars Distributor : & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Click on Gromit .
back wall .
thehelmeton top of the beehive .
he wears the helmet.
& nbsp ; Major leaves happily to fight the war .
it is Winnie at the news
stand and Mr. Paneer of the cheese store .
Open the glass cabinet right of the refrigerator .
she will bend over and smell them .
and smell them .
they bloom for her .
look for Purple Pansies :
Exit the yard and to the street or use the map .
her again and closes the window causing the Goldenrod to fall on the ground .
Mr. Gabberley says
that her insults do not affect him anymore .
Winnie wants Wallace to give her words
her or down below the counter .
insulting does n't affect Mr. Gabberley anymore select nice descriptions .
: & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; verb - melt , thing - mouth , descriptive - mild , person or animal - gentlemen .
correctly done , Mr. Gabberley shuts the window again and the Purple Pansies pot falls to the ground .
you have the map ( taken from dining room table )
jump to home .
you do not have the map
go close to Mr. Paneer under the arrow pointing to West Wallaby St and then go right .
Use the Purple Pansies pot with the Purple Pansies seed packet in Felicity 's garden
Rex Armstrong 's Quick Grow Muscle Formula leaflet again .
he used the last of the energides on Sniffer 3000 .
If you have n't yet , take the remote control from the shelf left of the drawing board at the cellar .
you have n't yet , take the remote
Talk to Mr. Paneer about standing on water dripping from above the door
the Sniffer 3000 left of the door .
the police station and see the Sniffer 3000 in his cell .
he gets hot .
inventory and use it with the helmet ( cursor should be at bottom of helmet ) .
he wants the Sniffer 3000 to face him , use the remote control and select Gorgonzola .
him , use the remote control and select Gorgonzola .
he asks
if the Sniffer 3000 feels bad about what he did .
he did
Go to the outside window of the jail cell .
of jail : Talk to the Constable again .
asked to face the cell door , use the remote control and select Gorgonzola ( in constable 's helmet ) .
asked if it feels bad , use remote control and select Wensleydale ( thrown under the cot ) .
it feels bad , use remote control and select Wensleydale ( thrown under the cot )
asked if he will do it again , use remote control and select Rotterdam ( the robot looks for it ) .
he will do it again , use remote control and select Rotterdam ( the robot looks for it )
Go to the kitchen and use the energides battery , strongium tea bag and grotein bar on the Mix-o-matic mixer left of the backdoor
honey to Mr. Paneer .
Felicity up the tree .
left close to the wall .
room and click on Major Crum .
the pond is the one showing in the yard .
it is not , shoot the 'go ' sign of right gnome .
a bee to hover above the pond , shoot it down and it falls into the pond .
trash can lid and the trash can is opened
Felicity is hanging on .
to Felicity and Nutter comes out .
it flies above the trash
the top window of the house across as the background .
soon as the bee is in the trash can , immediately shoot at Nutter the squirrel .
he drops to the fence
and flips the lid back on the trash can .
bee is inside Techno Trousers , shoot him again and he goes back inside the shed .
Techno Trousers , shoot him again and he goes back inside the shed
he was attacked by the bees
controland map from Wallace 's clothes on the floor
Exit the house and talk to Felicity
the gate and be at Town Centre .
her husband left her that message .
stand .
Go to the bedroom and pick up thelullaby record
is left in inventory .
the cellar door outside .
the Brahms 's lullaby record on the record player .
took care of the bees .
bragging to Miss Flitt , another aerial assault happened .
Watch as Wallace is carried off by the Queen Bee
passing through a covered bridge .
Wallace : Climb down to the cab of the truck .
pressing the small left button above the radio .
her and she squeezes Wallace
the periscope in front of the sun visor .
Gromit has the honey shooter
the Queen Bee and see that it does n't have much effect .
it does n't have much effect
Wallace , turn the radio on and look for a boring station .
she opens her mouth and shoot the honey with growth formula directly in her mouth .
there is one small complication
he opens the door
and sees that rain is pouring down .
turn off the circuit breaker :
Walk the board towards the circuit breaker .
paddle towards the circuit breaker and see that the tide
flow pushes Gromit away .
it - click on the sparks on the pipe .
wallace had one of his brilliant ideas
- bring the beach to us .
A man carrying an umbrella
passes by .
the gate and be in town .
: Hear Major Crumm and Constable Ernest Dibbins argue about the sand bags in the truck .
works well together .
getting a requisition form .
it to Wallace but if the weather is fine he would need it tonight .
know the weather .
Mr. Paneer has Wallace 's
order delivered to his home already .
he can run the store better than Mrs. Gabberley .
going left from the signpost by Mr. Paneer 's store .
home , take theorder formabove the delivered cheese crates .
Go back to town and show cheese 'order ' form to Major Crum .
The guests are not happy and ask for refund .
considering objects in front of Mrs. Gabberley .
, what to do ? Consider tea cup on table .
, what to do ?
I 'm going soft in the head
are n't I ? Consider knife on the table .
least my new hat fits .
that 's something is n't it ?
it 's a sorry
old world , is n't it ?
I 'd go home to Mr. Gabberley
but there 's no point .
no sympathy from 'im , will I ? Consider romance novel .
do you catch my drift ?
not just me , is it ?
Go upstairs and see McBiscuit jump from the waterslide
Constable Dibbins being harassed by the 2 pups .
activate the camera left of fireplace
and have a picture taken using any backdrop .
Go down to the cellar
the model on the magazine cover has dark sunglasses
and wears a blue and white scarf .
Go down to the cellar
talk to Major Crum and he will start over the recounting
of the Siege of Aqaba .
the close up and Paneer
produce on the tower of groceries .
he names the tower of groceries place the toy soldier on top of that sand tower .
exit close-up and watch McBiscuit 's
foot get its due .
Gong is sounded
the cellar , see Poodgie-Woo and Tinkie-Wee beside the yellow bucket .
At the dining room , Constable Dibbins says that all are suspects and no one can leave the house until the thumper is caught
all are suspects and no one can leave the house until the thumper is caught
he knows who did it .
the deduct-o-matic and automatically pull the plug .
help McBiscuit remember :
Go down to the cellar .
he took the chew toy of the pups .
he heard a noise
but he can not remember what kind .
he went to have his picture
taken with a manly pose .
follows .
there are 2 pictures of McBiscuit
one a manly pose at the beach and another picture of him holding candy floss .
him holding candy floss
Go to the candy floss machine and operate it to getcandy floss .
Go back down to McBiscuit at the cellar
Poodgie-Woo and Tinkie-Wee got special honors in Hammer throw .
the sailor hat is missing .
they are being dressed up
go up to the bedroom .
fix the springs in the mattress but leave the spring at bottom part of the mattress
unfixed .
Go back to the living room .
the window while the pups are being dressed .
dressed
back home .
nautical scarf that the pups should be wearing and then exit .
you want to find more evidence ; unplug the deduct-o-matic .
you want to find more evidence
Wallace asks help from Gromit
Mrs. Gabberley verifies that Duncan
took the chew toy from the doggies .
Wallace asks help from Gromit
was used on him and has evidence-mark on his head .
him and has evidence-mark on his head
Wallace asks help from Gromit
it and jumps at Wallace .
and the pups are on the upside down umbrella
; spinning in a rapidly draining pool in the cellar .
a ninja shuriken on the chew toy balanced on the handle of the umbrella .
the pups jump and move the umbrella
making it impossible to hit the chew toy .
the pups follow the chew toy
out of a toilet at the jail .
Gromit enjoys peace and quiet at the beach .
3 : Muzzled by Dean Waxman The rascally whippets & nbsp ; Wallace and Gromit 's home at #62 at West Wallaby St. Wallace shows off his new Inifiniflavour truck while Gromit reads about 'Storm destroys dog
it is ready for the fair
wallace fixes the flavour engraver and asks Gromit to take back the parts
and take care of the pups .
See a shy dog chew on the lead line wheels of the Inifiniflavour truck
the little pup and see it shake .
Look left and see Filcher with the golden crank in his mouth
he loves anything
gold colored .
and recover thegolden crank .
the table and see blue paint .
the milk production is done .
the & nbsp ; dining room turned creamery .
a hole in the ground and out to Felicity Flitt 's garden .
to break the nasty habit of dogs that dig by giving them tasty treat .
the bus stop bench .
the signs for the fundraiser .
and automatically take thePie Eating Contest
Wallaby St left of Mr. Paneer .
use biscuit on the dirt patch right of the red tulips .
Enter the house and go down to the basement
Monty Muzzle is at the front door
the bunny is part of aflier with the 'Save the Dogs'circled .
he is holding a flier
the tent and back to town .
a ticket on the machine .
there are 7 gumballs left in the bag
enter 293 .
the lever and Gromit makes Mr. Paneer pull the lever .
and as prize gives a gumball to Mr. Paneer and anotherbubblegumto Gromit .
she is swooning over Monty Muzzle
she says
no one noticed her new hairdo .
the fortune telling tent - Muzzzmereldas Fortune Cookies .
he and the Master of Ceremonies of the pie
eating contest can be up on the stage .
the Master of Ceremonies is chosen from the pie
bake off .
he loves fish and chips .
Go back to town and then back to house
squares you want the chicken to mark to make the chicken lose .
his speech , Gromit fires the start of the pie eating contest .
gromit reads the flier and sees 'Muzzler '
encircled .
the pups are inside the Muzzler .
his security system is a chicken
that will cluck off a warning and Muzzler will come back .
and the chicken clucks again
will keep it busy .
and see a patch of ground-loose dirt on the floor by the door .
digger mistakes it again for a bone
and digs a hole .
of the ground to take it .
help : & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Take anotherfortune cookiefrom sack and use it on the loose dirt .
he picks Twitch and brings
him up to the vent .
that Gromit is inside the Muzzler .
back to his job .
empty pie tinsfrom the steps and place them on the table .
the Muzzler : See Major Crum walk to the Muzzler to get his plane ride .
passing the weight limit , Major Crum enjoys his ride and breaks the Muzzler .
the balloon Monty Muzzle takes off on his hot air
him are his 3 confederate chickens and Twitch ; as well as the money from the fair slated for the dog shelter .
him are his 3 confederate chickens
the balloon : In far view , climb through the roof of the truck .
the hatch - open churning tank .
the gummy ice cream shoots out to the balloon propeller
and gums it up .
: Climb up to the roof again .
lightened the truck and they get closer to the balloon .
the chest with the loot but ends up with a tug of war with Muzzle .
the air : Takepack of paper money .
to a yellow helium tank gets upset .
thebag of money .
to Wallace on the big moustache .
the ground : Muzzle meets his match in jail .
and Gromit 's home at #62 at West Wallaby St.
home
left and take theeavesdropperand thewrenchfrom the box .
wallace comes down the chute for breakfast
and tells about his dream .
him out of this predicament .
on the conversation between Miss Prudence and Miss Flitt .
he is a member of that appalling country club - Prickly Thicket .
Wallace is not the Prickly Thicketter type
the gate and be at the Town Square .
Mr. Paneer is selecting a new member for the club .
prove that Wallace is a sporting man :
Click on the crates and get a free sample ofSuper Sticky Nut Butterfrom Mr. Paneer .
the restaurant left of the newsstand .
it concerns vermin .
the magazine has a Rookie of Year
cover and is reserved for Mr. Paneer .
left of the signpost close to Mr. Paneer 's shop .
he ca n't remember .
give the Sticky Nut Butter to Mr. Paneer .
it is a membership approval
and a sweater vest with a logo is included .
he not be a ... oh no !
and possible last day at the club : Wallace is welcomed to the golf
club by the members and Chairman Duncan McBiscuit .
the club and hit that ball .
a golf club must be in possession of one fully functioning golf course .
the portrait left of the fireplace of Duchess Flitt and Lord Rory McBiscuit
the deed is still is here .
there 3 keys needed to unlock the security system
built by Witlace : silver , gold and porcelain keys .
find the clues :
Using the clue finder , move around the room and listen to the clicks .
it nears a clue .
Mr. Paneer is playing Snooker and the clue finder activates .
them all later in the game .
it 's a picture of a dog
and a clock set to 9 o'clock .
Mr. Paneer is playing snooker and ring the tee-hee time bell .
the clock and it now reads 9 o'clock
a book that mentions 6 stages to order of perfection .
home to West Wallaby St. Wallace talks to Gromit At the dining room , see Miss Felicity and her great Aunt Prudence .
the anti-golf tract and know the correct order of the pictures on the wall .
the stand pass Mr. Paneer .
the last and 6th picture in the steps to the order of perfection .
the wall in order using golf balls .
there are 2 position lines to hit the pictures
: the lassie 's tee at the front closer to the pictures and the laddie 's tee at the back farther from the pictures .
Duncan laughs , take the red club from inventory and click it on his yellow club propped on the wall .
Duncan laughs , take the blue club from inventory and click it on his red club propped on the wall .
it mentions about mastering the Ganges
and makes an impossible shot .
Constable Dibbins and getdriver with Ganges Drip .
the road behind the fountain .
the table and do the Ganges Grip .
major Crum analyzes the topography and states that the 18th fairway is at #62 at West Wallaby St.
& nbsp ; Prickly Thicket Golf Course The 17th hole of the Chairman Golf tournament : Wallace talks to Edwina at the newsstand about trying to be chairman of the golf club .
he wants to save his home at West Wallaby St. that Duncan
wants to raze .
ever finishes first at the 18th hole wins .
mushrooms and the ball is lost in the growth .
Wallace 's foyer to look for the 18th hole .
tells important info of the location .
duncan uses the official measuring club to know the distances
stated in the notes .
enter the dining-consulting room and Felicity sprays fungicide thinking that Gromit
is a mushroom .
descend into the sewer .
Edwina 's fan to face the manhole .
235 over par .
start of the long hole left of the fountain .
it faces the street .
the ball and instead of the ball going to the manhole
now Wallace and Duncan are both at West Wallaby St. Use the tea time bell by the snooker 's table .
of a violation ( feeding mushroom to the squirrel .
followed .
broke her oscillating fan .
the Deed cabinet and triggers the sand trap .
Wallace needs to be close to the window to do his plan
it is best
best
to get Duncan or Miss Prudence at the bottom right corner while Wallace moves via the upper left corner to the window .
Gromit runs in to the rescue
the floor starts moving , the pictures start flapping and the chomping gate
the lit fireplace reveals the steam machine that powers
up thegolf washer .
the chomping gate and take themeasuring clubblocking it .
end of hall .
Everybody comes out happy .
this document may not be distributed without express written permission of the author
and the content may not be altered in any way .
those wanting a save bypass for the shooting gallery
or a save to bypass having to accumulate carrots ( at the beginning of the game ) , click here : http : //www.cheathappens.com/show_mc.asp ? titleID=9931 .
( at the beginning of the game ) , click here : http : //www.cheathappens.com/show_mc.asp ?
using the saves .
have fun !
Final Note : This walkthrough does not find every item to be collected .
in fact , there are 2 levers
and 2 logs that can be collected .
you wish to locate
them , you can do so
but they are not necessary to possess to complete the game .
This document maynotbe used without the expressed , written consent of the author
within your webpage is in direct violation of this copyright .
, and it must be entered before any of the codes will work
in a Two-Player game , these codes will affect both sides .
ORC12 ) This cheat works only in Campaign Mode YOURS TRULY Takes player to the victory sequence This cheat works only in Campaign Mode CRUSHING DEFEAT Takes player to the loss sequence This cheat works only in Campaign Mode IDES OF MARCH Takes player to the finale sequence for the campaign the player is currently in POT OF
GOLD Adds 10,000 gold and 5,000 lumber to your reserves EYE OF NEWT Upgrades your magic users with all spells IRON FORGE Upgrades all technologies immediately SALLY SHEARS Displays the entire map area HURRY UP GUYS All buildings , units and upgrades are built/trained at an accelerated rate
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE All of your units are invulnerable
a direct catapult hit
and will inflict 255 points of damage per hit .
s Guide 1 ) Move three Knights , one Archer and one Cleric ( Group A ) to the north-east ofthe screen
2 ) Move a Catapult , three Archers and one Cleric ( Group B ) to the south-east ofthe forest then proceed clockwise round the forest
you find a road
then headsouth to a bridge .
you meet anOrc warrior
approaches from thesouth .
5 ) Now move Group A west and stop when a wall becomes visible - wait to theeast of the wall
a wall becomes visible - wait to theeast of the wall
your leading Knight should be positioned level with the north-east corner of the wall .
, leavethem to the north or another group of Orcs
will move in to attack .
6 ) Next , move the leading Knight south until he is level with the wall then sendhim back to the formation
he is level with the wall
- two Grunts and a Raider will approach .
7 ) Take two Knights from Group A and move them to the mine located in thenorth-east corner of the map
then move them to Group B on the bridge .
the slave pen , but make sure that theKnight does not move into the pen or on to the newly cleared spaces .
8 ) Select the Knight and Archer from Group A and position them on the pathbetween the water
sure your Cleric is clear of the rubble .
it is probably under attack
the Knights from Group A arrive , position them as follows : twoKnights and one Archer in the front line , the Catapult flanked by two Archers inthe second line , and the Cleric at the rear to heal .
the front line , the Catapult flanked by two Archers inthe
will an Orc attack force .
group the Peasants andmove them to the mine at the north-east of the map
using your Cleric to heal thePeasants as they escape starting with the very last one in the group .
they escape starting with the very last one in the group
well , using your Knight and Archer to protect the group.Once clear , leave your Knight and Archer to defend and focus on Group B .
11 ) The bridge battle will be raging pretty ferociously
so use the Cleric as muchas possible to heal your front line troops .
effective
12 ) You should have found another mine to the top of the map in the very centre ; send your Peasants
here to harvest the gold .
the north-east and heal them with the Cleric there , thensend the Cleric and the survivors back to your town .
Group B andwhen its members are victorious send just the Knights back to defend the village.Leave the remainder of Group B on the bridge .
14 ) Yet another group of Orcs will attack your village from the south
but anotherKnight and Cleric should be on hand to help defend .
whichto overthrow the Orcs once and for all .
messageNETPROF Laser displayALLOWSYNC ?
typing HUMAN x or ORC x ORCx OR HUMANx By typing in either ORC or HUMAN followed by a number from 1 to 14 , this cheat will immediately jump you to that scenario in the campaign
you can use this cheat
these codes hit & quot ; enter & quot ; and then type them in during gameplay
sometimes coming up with an unusualcombination that&# 146 ; ll leave your opponent floored .
It&# 146 ; s organised unit by unit.Where both sides have pretty much
identical units , they&# 146 ; re covered together
andwhere individual cases need explaining they are .
collecting gold and lumber andbuilding things .
a fight occurs near them , move them all away to safetyimmediately .
them , move them all away to safetyimmediately .
them all away to safetyimmediately
it while the attack is going on .
you keep it onthe other side of the building from the attacker
the attacker causes damage.Indeed , get two Peons repairing a building
you&# 146 ; ll have made it practicallyindestructible .
: thiswill substantially add to the cost in both gold and lumber .
orc Grunts/FootmenThese characters are your basic
foot soldiers , and you&# 146 ; ll need a few of these at thestart of each level .
you can though , you should stop producing themand concentrate on some of theother more useful units .
, you should stop producing themand concentrate
hand-to-hand combat they are quicklyoverwhelmed .
them behind Grunts or Ogres ( Footmen and Knightsfor the Elves ) in battle .
you group them with these other units , keep a fairlyeven mix .
when you move to engage the enemy , the Trolls or Archers will stop ata distance while the hand-to-hand specialists
you move to engage the enemy
move in .
ll be able to buyregeneration for them
later levels theybecome the best defence against the heavy aerial threat posed by Dragons orGryphons .
A couple of well-trained units can be very effective
especially if youdistract the aerial invader with some cannon fodder .
your missile chuckers will benefit from the easy target practiceprovided .
your missile chuckers will benefit from the easy target
Catapult/BallistaMore destructive than the Trolls or Archers , these are also missile-only units.They&# 146 ; re very slow , however , and in defence
you should always keep them backfrom any front-line areas
only bringing them forward when an enemy appears.Their greatest use comes when attacking , because of their exceptional range .
an enemy appears.Their greatest use comes when attacking , because of their exceptional range .
attacking , because of their exceptional range .
careful positioning , you&# 146 ; ll be able to take out enemy towers
withoutany danger to the catapult .
attacking with these units , always keep somefoot soldiers nearby .
the catapults come under attack , move this squad in to dealwith the attackers .
them out again and let the catapults
do the majordamage .
instructed .
, theyshould be kept away from all combat .
youneed them .
to gold mines or forestsby blowing up mountains .
it can be well worth using a couple
these to make ajourney for your Peons shorter
giving you quite a significant long-term timeadvantage .
you can , stop producingGrunts and switch to these .
you&# 146 ; ll be able to turn them into Ogre Magesand research spells for them .
, if money is tight this is one thing that canquite
easily be dropped from your schedule .
the Death Knights get much moreeffective magic
and the Ogres don&# 146 ; t really get all that much tougher when youmake them into Mages .
youmake them into Mages .
retreating enemy units whenyou don&# 146 ; t really want them too .
with Ogres , as soon as they becomeavailable you should concentrate on producing them instead of Footmen
, they get great magic
upgraded to Paladin status , and it&# 146 ; swell worth spending the money on research .
particular are hugelyuseful .
Healing : it can make sense to keep your Knights with healing safelyout of the way
and just bring units to them to have them healed .
combined with Gryphons .
just be careful there are nofriendly units in the line of fire
there are nofriendly units in the line of fire
him to walk calmly into your enemy&# 146 ; s lairand build a Guard Tower .
it doesn&# 146 ; tfool death Knights , so make sure that your paladins have exorcised them first .
their major use comeswhen the enemy produces submarines .
ll be able to spot the otherwise invisible subs
being spotted .
spotted
death KnightThe Death Knight is an awesome creature
but not really suited to hand-to-handcombat .
the judicioususe of a couple of Death Knights attached to any raiding party you can turn all theenemies you defeat into skeleton soldiers at no financial cost .
the judicioususe of a couple of Death Knights attached to any raiding party
the enemy getsweaker , you get stronger.Also very effective is the Whirlwind
effective
cast on very dense areas ofthe enemy&# 146 ; s defences .
is great if you give it to a Sapper unit andthen send it , now invulnerable , to blow up an enemy building or army .
you give it to a Sapper unit andthen send it
Dragon/Gryphon RidersThese great aerial beasts are the finest
weapons available .
you can just fly
somewhere andattack it .
grouped they tend to destroyfriendly units with over enthusiastic fireballs , and even each other , but keep themas loners and they won&# 146 ; t go far wrong .
over enthusiastic fireballs , and even each other , but keep themas loners and they won&# 146 ; t go far wrong
they&# 146 ; ve been superseded by the bigger
the larger ships are much slower and take longer torespond
so always keep a blend of different ships in a naval group .
wayyou&# 146 ; ll be able to react more quickly to any threat .
well , but can also beused very effectively as raiders in groups of two or three , especially if combinedwith an aerial spotter to watch out for any Towers or flying creatures that arecapable of noticing them .
a greattactic , as you can pick off enemy ships before they&# 146 ; ve seen you .
you can pick off enemy ships before they&# 146
attacking them .
landthe Transport as close as possible to the Tower
, then release your Footmen
whowill attack it and remain safe because the Towers can only attack units at adistance .
move the Transport out of harm&# 146
; s way until the job&# 146 ; s done , and thensend
it back in to pick up your heroes.Sim
CitadelThe layout of your buildings can have a crucial effect on the outcome of anyattack
so take some time to think about where you place them .
you place them
short a route as is possible to the Town Hall or LumberMill , for instance , and build Barracks as near to the front as possible so that yourtroops have less distance to travel into battle .
they can beeasily repaired when damaged
damaged
they can also be veryhandy in an attack .
a string of Towers behind enemy lines will certainlygive them something to think about .
you can&# 146 ; t build walls yourself
you do have an option to create veryeffective barriers by using Farms .
you want to block off an area against repeated attacks
builda wall out of Farms and then place Towers just behind it .
builda wall out of Farms
the enemy will comealong and attack the Farms
leaving you in peace to pick them off .
theattack&# 146 ; s over , repair your Farms .
spotter.Filthy cheatThere is a quite splendid array of cheats for Warcraft II .
these are just some ofthe more useful.To use any of them
press the&# 145 ; enter&# 146 ; key .
the&# 145 ; Message :&# 146 ; prompt comes up , type in any of the following.A word of cautionthough : some of these cheats ( particularly the production ones ) give the enemy thesame benefits .
the samecheat code a second time will turn the cheat off .
for a few magical attacks.GLITTERING PRIZES : Gives you 10,000 gold , 5,000 lumber , 5,000 oil.VALDEZ : Gives you 5,000 oil.HATCHET : Speeds up the production of wood so your Peasants or Peons get aunit in only two chops.MAKE
no obvious reason at all .
mordor @ opnt.optimus.wroc.plv1.00 ENGLISH ( 01/18/97 ) You will need any hex editor to perform these cheats
you know something to make this document
better please send your comments to : mordor @ opnt.optimus.wroc.pl ENJOY
Game Boomers - Game Cheats , and Walkthroughs for Boomers and the rest of you guys !
you guys
Introduction You are Walker , you are on a mission on the moon , suddenly all hell breaks loose , you are now alone , and need to solve many many odd
the moon , suddenly all hell breaks loose , you are now alone , and need to solve many many odd
this game , I will add some screenshots
play in the game .
adventurers playing in EASY mode should also be able to follow this walkthrough
( but expect less puzzles ) .I 'll be assuming the manual has been read and that you are familiar with all ways to manipulate objects .
you are familiar with all ways to manipulate objects
you have n't done so already , or press the F1 key for help .
this walkthrough contains only the actions needed to finish the game
use it only as last resort since it may spoil your fun .
it may spoil your fun
is going on .
grab the screwdriver from the case , check the alien body and use the screwdriver on the pocket in order to reveal a card
take the card .
the room and quickly make your way
the alien corpse on the floor , once you get the close-up screen
it to GREEN .
exit the room and pick up the gun from the floor
go down to reveal another alien body on the floor .
the door to open it , enter the room .
the alien 's pocket on the RED sensor ( just right from the door you just entered ) , click on the controls that now came alive .
there are a set of 6 buttons
arranged in pairs .
left to right ( 1 being the button on the far left ) click on the following buttons , 1 , 3 , 6 , click on the blades to pick one up .
enter the room .
the right of the upper door is an open cabinet
click on it 3 times to get all 3 blood samples , exit the room via the upper door .
it 3 times to get all 3 blood samples
the door on the right , press the lower right button 4 times , press the upper right button 3 times , press the middle button , take the sample , click the middle button once more to rebuild the sphere
the touch screen , press the button farthest to the right , exit the touch screen close-up , click on the microscope 's upper right button , press the middle button , get the sample , take the light object .
it is possible to return to this room later on , in case you need to use the microscope again
, in case you need to use the microscope again
you guessed it , use the med card on the door
the GREEN ring from the alien corpse .
it , click on the blue switch .
and the combination is randomly chosen for each game
you play
using the 3 rings on the sensors you will receive indication lights
: 3 red lights mean
all of your rings are in the wrong position
, 1 green light means you have 1 ring in the right position
, 2 green lights mean
you have 2 rings in the right position
3 green lights means ... err.. the door opens = ) .
keep experimenting with the rings till you get 2 green lights
after that look on the floor , the alien threw a red ring at you , pick it up and SAVE your game , replace ONE of the rings you used earlier with the RED
that look on the floor , the alien threw a red ring at you , pick it up and SAVE your game , replace ONE of the rings
you , pick it up and SAVE your game
( since you only have 1 bad located ring anyway , in most cases you need to replace the CYAN ring ) , when you get 3 green lights the door opens , quickly hit
you only have 1 bad located ring anyway , in most cases you need to replace the CYAN ring
most cases you need to replace the CYAN ring
you get 3 green lights
it 'll be crucial for
the screen and click on the button , get the memorizer , exit through the glass door , click on the red switch to open the door , then go down the corridor until you enter yet another door .
you enter yet another door
go to the circle and click on the floating stone , it will morph to a plate
click on plate with symbols , wait a bit and another floating plate will appear , click on the floating plate AND KEEP THE MOUSE BUTTON PRESSED until it morphs in order to get tiles .
the engraving , use plate and tiles on the engraving .
this puzzle ( press F1 to receive them ) , since it 's quite hard .
it 's quite hard
your objective is to get a color
you , in case you have all the colors correct except the CYAN in the middle , change the GREEN circle to CYAN and the CYAN circle to GREEN ( both triangles and both circles act DIFFERENTLY when used upon other colors , this puzzle does NOT follow any RGB or CMYK codes , so forget it ) .
you , in case you have all the colors
both triangles and both circles act DIFFERENTLY when used upon other colors , this puzzle does NOT follow any RGB or CMYK codes , so forget it
used upon other colors , this puzzle does NOT follow any RGB
getting the correct color combination SAVE your game ( you 'll thank me later ) , use the crystal cone in your inventory ( yes , it 's there ) on the tiles ( creating the bulls-eye ) .
you 'll thank me later ) , use the crystal cone in your inventory ( yes , it 's there ) on the tiles ( creating the bulls-eye
me later ) , use the crystal cone in your inventory ( yes , it 's there ) on the tiles ( creating the bulls-eye
the cut-scene , exhaust all dialog options with the aliens , you automatically exit the room
use the same ring sequence as before ( you DID remember it , right ?
( you DID remember it
order to open the door , quickly enter the room
click on the green switch on the left to lock the door .
the upper menu click Life Support , you 'll get a map of the ventilation corridors
with a few force fields ( displayed as red spheres ) and maintenance bots ( displayed in green ) , see those orange moving things ?
it to blue ( thus allowing access through it ) , and trap BOTH security drones ( the orange dots ) in the upper portion of the ventilation corridor .
them there , and turn all the other force fields to BLUE .
it 's not there , just wait a bit and it 'll appear ) and from the options choose Checkpoint exh .
there , just wait a bit and it 'll appear ) and from the options choose Checkpoint exh
inventory use the gun load on the gun , use gun on grate , go forward 7 times , then turn right and go forward till
you reach the damaged maintenance robot
, use the blade on the left robot hand , in inventory click on the memorizer , use the arrows on the memorizer to choose
comm.link to maint.robot '' then press transmit , use the arrows to highlight ROUTE 102 , then click receive , use the arrows to highlight ROUTE 103
then click receive .
, go forward 5 times , take a left , then forward till you get out of the grate .
the console again , choose Life Support and this time trap the security drones on the right part of the ventilation corridor ( along with the green damaged robot you just visited ) .
with the green damaged robot you just visited
turn the right force field RED
go forward till you reach a grate cover
use the robot hand on the left and right screws , click on the handle to open the grate .
to the game 's starting screen .
transmit , choose SEC.LEVEL 6 then click receive .
go a screen to the right , and use the med card on the RED sensor , from the close-up screen choose Obductees ( yeah , I know , spelling error ) then choose
I know , spelling error
close-up screen is still open
the med card on the left door , exit the room , go down then click on the ventilation shaft to enter it .
, go forward 3 times , take a right and keep going till a dead end , take a left to get to the second maintenance robot .
the robot , then click on the memorizer .
the data is corrupt , click transmit then select ROUTE 102 , click on transmit , then choose ROUTE 103 and click on transmit to repair the robot ( in some odd occasions , a bug in the game `` fixes '' the robot for you before you get the chance ) .
some odd occasions , a bug in the game `` fixes '' the robot for you before you get the chance
turn around and take a right , go forward 6 times
then take another right
go all the way and exit the ventilation corridor .
the console and choose Life Support , click on the left green square and select ROUTE 103 to send the Reptoids and the security drones in a wild goose chase .
the upper door and exit the room .
you who need to get back to the microscope room , can now use the med card on the door to access it
go towards the door in the end of the corridor , once you enter the room
you have a VERY
short amount of time so be quick
choose the memorizer and select SEC.LEVEL 6 then press transmit to disable the security sphere .
'' , click on transmit then select the generated code , click transmit again then click on generate to abort the comm .
transmit it to insert the biocontainer in Walker 's body , REMEMBER THE CODE YOU JUST USED AS IT IS VITAL FOR EXTRACTING THE BIOCONTAINER OUT OF WALKER 'S BODY , click on scramble a few times ( remember how many times ) in order to hide the code from prying eyes ( in case the biocontainer does not insert itself in the body , go back to the microscope and make sure you use blood sample #3 in it , see details above ) .
case the biocontainer does not insert itself in the body
receive then exit the memorizer screen .
the memorizer and choose the code you received from the container in order to shut the container doors .
inventory combine the oxygen mask with the oxygen tank .
the Human Colony Welcome to the human colony , the man who 's currently talking to you is Ripper , learn to hate him , & nbsp ; choose any option and meet his boss , hate him too , choose any option
him , & nbsp ; choose any option
and then `` All right '' , Ripper will give you the tour , feel free to ask annoying questions as you walk with him , when you stop use your personal keycard on the left door in order to open it , after that Ripper shows you your new job , toilet cleaning .
you the tour , feel free to ask annoying questions as you walk with him , when you stop use your personal keycard on the left door in order to open it , after that Ripper shows you your new job , toilet cleaning .
you walk with him , when you stop use your personal keycard on the left door in order to open it , after that Ripper shows you your new job , toilet cleaning
him , when you stop use your personal keycard on the left door in order to open it , after that Ripper shows you your new job , toilet cleaning
you stop use your personal keycard on the left door in order to open
that Ripper shows you your new job , toilet cleaning
A few notes about this part of the walkthrough : Since the people here are ALWAYS on the move
make sure you know where the following locations are : the gambling room , Rita 's room ( within the gambling room , usually locked if she 's not in the room ) , the church , Walker 's room , the toilets , the preacher 's room ( near the second entrance of the church , usually locked ) .
the following locations are : the gambling room , Rita 's room ( within the gambling room , usually locked if she 's not in the room ) , the church , Walker 's room , the toilets , the preacher 's room ( near the second entrance of the church , usually locked )
the gambling room , Rita 's room ( within the gambling room , usually locked if she 's not in the room ) , the church , Walker 's room , the toilets , the preacher 's room ( near the second entrance of the church , usually locked
the gambling room , usually locked if she 's not in the room
I will only tell you
who you need to talk to from now on , which basically means you exhaust all options ( except the show items ) , leave a person only
you need to talk to from now on , which basically means you exhaust all options
you have discussed all topics
them , in case the person does n't feel like chatting on a certain subject
choose another and then return to the subject the person did n't want to discuss , odds are the person changes his ( or her ) mind .
another and then return to the subject the person did n't want to discuss , odds are the person changes his ( or her ) mind
initiating a conversation for the first time with someone make sure you choose the right thing to say ( or locate the person later and apologize ) .
most conversations take place within the gambling room
( or sometimes other rooms ) , some people will NOT agree to talk to you elsewhere .
you want to talk to a certain someone , either go to their room and wait
or ask them to meet you there .
Do I look that bad ?
exhaust all topics ( one can not be discussed ) , show him the secret sign , he tells you to talk to Hacker ( he 's the guy wearing black clothes , a black hat ( backward of course ) & amp ; sunglasses ) .
him the secret sign , he tells you to talk to Hacker
he 's the guy wearing black clothes
the bells ring
and you go to church ( and get some beating ) .
now you need to explore and talk to everyone and a LOT
, this is probably not the most efficient way to do the talking
but it works , so if you want a step
you want a step
step talking guide go ahead : Locate Hacker ( description above )
and choose `` As charming as a rattler '' .
locate the man wearing a matching pair
cyan shirt and pants and talk to him ( usually located in the gambling room )
meet Jake the radioman .
go to Rita 's room ( if it 's locked , then take a stroll and come back a bit later ) , talk to her get a card reading
it 's locked , then take a stroll and come back a bit later
and exhaust all options .
You do n't like the suit
exhaust all options .
( where you first started on CD2 ) , and talk to the doctor .
you first started on CD2
talk to Jessica , exhaust all options , some of the subjects she will not talk about , ask to hear her story and tell her you are a good listener ,
, ask to hear her story and tell her you are a good listener
that tell her your story
she will then talk to you about everything .
he 's the blonde guy with the white shirt and sunglasses , he would n't talk to you earlier
the white shirt and sunglasses , he would n't talk to you
, talk to Rita , exhaust all options .
talk to the woman wearing a white shirt
and blue jeans ( Rosa ) , exhaust all options .
the talk , Ripper will call you .
he leaves follow him and talk to him again , exhaust all options .
he leaves follow him and talk to him
take a stroll and find Jeffrey ( the doctor ) , he has a message for you&# 8230 ; Go to the preacher 's room
talk to him , exhaust all options .
talk to the preacher ( he 'll usually appear in the gambling room ) , he 'll tell you to talk to Rita
he 'll usually appear in the gambling room
go to Rita 's room .
oh dear&# 8230 ; Rita is n't here&# 8230
; grab the cards from her table and click on the cabinet for your first slider puzzle ( that 's right , I said FIRST ) .
that 's right , I said FIRST
a look at the picture : If everything is in place and the cabinet wo n't open rotate the upper box with two arrows twice ( it will look the same but unlock the cabinet ) .
it will look the same but unlock the cabinet
it and reveal a sensor , use `` King of Pentacles '' card on sensor , enter the secret door , open the door on the right , enter , click on the book to reveal another sensor , click on the sensor , exit the room , go to the upper room , take the notebook , leave the secret room .
you leave the room
you will stop Ripper from hurting Rosa
after the incident head for the toilets.Talk to Sebastian and exhaust all options .
go to the gambling room , there should be a person sitting on the table
( if there is n't one , take a stroll and come back ) , talk to him in order to play a little Blackjack .
there is n't one , take a stroll and come back
Walker 's turned card to reveal what number lies underneath .
almost everything ( especially his gambler card ) .
loosing all your betting items , once the gambler chooses the C.S.M .
( same goes to the gambler if he is left with one object as far as I know ) , make sure you DO N'T bet the screwdriver ( or at least get it back if you do ) since it 's needed for later use .
he is left with one object
far as I know
you do
it 's needed for later use
you have 16 or more ( since you 'll probably get more than 21 and automatically lose )
you 'll probably get more than 21 and automatically lose
you can also use the SAVE/LOAD
tactic to help you win ( meaning , each time you win , you save the game , and each time you lose you load the last game you saved and try again , thus not loosing ) .
, you save the game , and each time you lose you load the last game you saved and try again , thus not loosing
according to another theory of mine , the first time the gambler shows you the half card you will not be able to win
it , lose once , then go for it again ( this has not been proven ) .
this has not been proven
( since I ca n't loose it all anyway ) , till I get my winning streak and get the card .
( since I ca n't loose it all anyway ) , till I get my winning streak
I ca n't loose it all anyway
said , go on a winning streak and win half of Pager 's card AND the gambler 's card .
are we having fun yet ?
take a stroll then go near the gambling room
, Jack will call you and give you
go to the church and talk to Rosa , she will give you a piece of paper
use the gambler 's card in the middle room in order to gain access there ( it 's right next to your own room ) .
the middle room in order to gain access there ( it 's right next
and yes there 's more of them coming
more of them coming
you solve this one , or consult the following screenshot : Click on the cabinet , you are now in possession of BOTH halves , find Hacker and talk to him .
on the cabinet , you are now in possession of BOTH halves
, then go back near the gambling room , Jack will give you a note .
you enter , make sure to SAVE your game .
, make sure to SAVE your game .
soon as you enter the preacher 's room , the door shuts behind you , and the air starts leaving .
you enter the preacher 's
you , and the air starts leaving .
the right side is a hidden switch , use it to open the picture , use the screwdriver on the metal cover to open it , click on the disconnected wires twice to connect them in = shape .
the right side is a hidden switch
it then take the fuse , use the C.S.M .
it then take the fuse
the fuse cap then click on the fuse cap to return it to its place .
the button to ring the mass bell .
Ripper is looking for trouble .
Pager 's card to unlock his door , push the button to ring the bell again .
you , so quickly head to Rita 's room ( open her door with Pager 's card ) and open the secret door ( you can use Pager 's card to activate the sensor in the cabinet ) , go to the room on the right , use Pager 's card on the red sensor , then go through the liquid wall , look at the notebook , and use notebook in inventory on the first page ( with the starmap ) to make yourself a copy .
you can use Pager 's card to activate the sensor in the cabinet
you finish reading the notebook , Jessica will show talk to her and she will take you to the Nexus , as always , exhaust all options .
her and she will take you to the Nexus
always , exhaust all options .
the cut-scene use Pager 's card on the red sensor to open the door
exit the room .
go to the left entrance , close to the end of the massive walls is a red arrow indicating
RIGHT '' choose it , use Pager 's card on the sparkling sensor
go through the wall .
a short cut scene you gain control again , go to the door on the right .
A few more dialogs take place
, so you know what to do
exhaust all options .
last&# 8230 ; and apparently things have changed .
go to Rita 's secret room ( open her door with Pager 's card ) , go inside the wall ( use Pager 's card )
and talk to Rita , exhaust all options .
you leave the room
Ripper comes to you with some very bad news .
his freezer , exit the room and go to the area just outside the gambling room .
inventory choose the pager
a few seconds Marshal will show up , while his back is turned , and he is facing the door , use the freezer
his back is turned , and he is facing the door , use the freezer
and he is facing the door
him to disable him
him ant take his freezer
the right inner pocket to get a piece of paper .
he leaves go to Marshal 's
ask for his help , he 'll open Marshal 's door for you .
his help , he 'll open Marshal 's door for you
Marshal 's room , use the freezer on the map then take the gun from inside .
your Third ( but not last ) slider puzzle , use the piece of paper from Marshal 's
the safe is opened get the data
Jessica is held , use Marshal 's card to open it , give the data reader to Hacker .
Jessica is held , use Marshal 's
you gain control .
once again a times sequence , go outside , use Marshal 's card on data reader , use the arrows on the data reader to select BRIDGE ON , then click transmit , move Walker towards the control room ( painstakingly slow ) , as soon as you cross the room , click the data reader in inventory and select BRIDGE OFF then transmit .
soon as you cross the room , click the data reader in inventory
you cross the room
left red sensor take back your memorizer and some implants .
the memorizer and unscramble the code you used to activate the biocontainer
( just unscramble the number of times you scrambled the code in the first place
you reach the code
's that ?
you forgot the code
you used ?
that case , keep on pressing unscramble then transmit on and on till you get it , the scrambled codes run in a loop so eventually you 'll find it ) , transmit the code to get the biocontainer out of Walker 's body , then leave the room .
and on till you get it , the scrambled codes run in a loop so eventually you 'll find it ) , transmit the code to get the biocontainer out of Walker 's body , then leave the room
it , the scrambled codes run in a loop so eventually you 'll find it ) , transmit the code to get the biocontainer out of Walker 's
you 'll find it
click the cabinet and use the notebook
to help you solve the fourth ( but still not the last ) slider puzzle , or consult the screenshot :
the cabinet wo n't open
rotate the upper boxes ( they will look the same but unlock the cabinet , try different rotation combinations ) .
they will look the same but unlock the cabinet
you open the cabinet
get the tiles from inside .
she 's still hiding in that wall
you have n't done so already , go to the screen right of the gambling room
you will be told of the preacher 's bad condition , also notice that the middle door is no longer locked .
the preacher 's bad condition , also notice that the middle door is no longer locked .
the implant gun and head for the guards room ( the middle door one screen right from the gambling room ) , go one screen up and use the gun on the preacher .
go to Rita ( she 's still there ) , she will talk to you
she 's still there
and leave .
solve the puzzle on your own or look at the screenshot : Use the crystal cone on the green circle on the tiles
click on the object to take it .
yet another ( but finally last ) slider puzzle , use the ornament to help you out
consult the screenshot : If the cabinet does n't open try rotating the upper right black box .
you open the cabinet
go through all the books until you find a card .
you find a card
the preacher is lying .
inventory click on the data reader , eject Marshal 's card then use the preacher 's card with the data reader .
you find a combination starting with tt5&# 8230 ; .
and select it , then click on transmit , the preacher 's hand will glow
click on the preacher to get the psi comm .
a short conversation select the holomask control , choose Reptoid maintenance then on the exclamation mark , leave the room via the upper exit .
you arrive at the docks take a left on the smaller exit ( which has a red arrow pointing left , not right ) , you will hear a conversation .
you arrive at the docks take a left on the smaller exit ( which has a red arrow pointing left , not right )
inventory , use the implant on the gun
and then use the gun on the unsuspecting
Grey ( who will now be known as Bloom ) , talk to him then use the holomask control
choose off then press the exclamation mark .
inventory combine the special implant with the implant gun , then use the gun on the biocontainer
choose the memorizer and select the biocontainer code , then transmit it ( you still remember it right ?
the memorizer and select the biocontainer code , then transmit it ( you still remember it right
the Alien Ship Talk to Bloom , and select `` Bloom , I need&# 8230 ; '' You can now play as either Bloom or Walker
( later on an icon just above the inventory icon on the bottom right will appear , use it to switch between Bloom and Walker ) .
Bloom is talking to Walker ( or vice versa ) you can open the inventory and exchange items between the two .
you played around a bit and know how to switch between Bloom and Walker and how to swap inventory items .
you played around a bit
highlight all the areas , then go back to Walker and talk about everything in order to gain more knowledge .
the conversation go to the door
use the STD.CARD to open it , go to the right door and use the STD.CARD to open it as well .
a close-up , press the red button and pick up a maintenance key , above that are hardware/tools , click them for a close-up , click on the red button and pick up a wire cutter , to the left there are electronic devices , click on it , press the red button and take TWO communicators , exit the room .
a wire cutter , to the left there are electronic devices
it , press the red button and take TWO communicators
it arrives enter it then choose LEVEL C
disconnect both wires , take an empty gas tank from the bottom slots .
take a Y-microjack ( you could n't do this before ) .
you could n't do this before
red wire to the microjack , insert the empty gas tank and close the cover .
go back to LEVEL D and return to Walker , talk to him and choose
Well , I think there is nothing left to be done
and afterwards choose
the call for hibernation , talk to Walker then give the STD.CARD
the memorizer , a communicator and the full gas tank to Walker .
Walker , open the door , then switch to Bloom and let him enter , then walk towards the elevator .
then switch to Walker .
Walker you 're going to have to be VERY quick
so SAVE your game .
receive to get the container code .
transmit the container 's code in order to close the container .
use the card to open the door and make your way to the elevator
, press LEVEL E and enter the first door on the right
click on the scanner to get access into the security room .
click on the console and deny the early awakening of the crew , also ALWAYS deny the elevator request from LEVEL E. Switch to Bloom and click on the EXIT button , click on the elevator , switch to Walker and approve the elevator call to LEVEL C , go to LEVEL D , outside lies the unconscious Reptoid body , click on it and take his card , use the SEC.CARD on the door
it and take his card
walk down then use the SEC.CARD to enter the door on the left .
click on the console , click on abort , switch to Walker and approve the abort , switch back to Bloom and choose `` set grav gen. shutdown '' , choose
until we arrive at Draco system '' , click on
we arrive at Draco system ''
the bottom left lock , use the wire cutter to cut all the wires EXCEPT the wire coming out of the SEC box ( 12 wires in total , each box has a red wire and a blue wire except the SEC box ) .
12 wires in total , each box has a red wire and a blue wire except the SEC box
the room and call the elevator
switch to Walker and approve the elevator for LEVEL D
go to LEVEL C , click on the left cryo-booth 's screen , choose `` open booth
on the bottom menu , then choose
switch to Walker and approve the hybernation
then as Walker , click on the Vitrifax
click on the console , then choose
disengage security lock '' , exit the room and go to the elevator
, go to LEVEL D , walk down and then open the room to the left , click on the scanner
then enter the room.You have no inventory
here , so no problem
just follow the path .
a short ride in the elevator , click on the portal , then click on the flow .
the last puzzle ( to the best of my knowledge ) is to turn all the white crystals into color crystals
, each time you click a crystal
, you get transported to a different place with more crystals
one click gives them color , the next takes it away .
a hard puzzle and a few minutes of clicking everything white should solve this one .
that enjoy the end game sequence , you deserved it ( especially after all those sliders ) .
any comments or corrections regarding this walkthrough
, you may contact me atlonelines @ hotmail.com
, please note : I will not answer questions regarding controls that can be solved by reading the manual
or pressing the F1 key.You may put this solution
any website provided you give me someone to contact if I update it
I update it
and naturally not change its contents ( which means both the text and the screenshots MUST stay ) .
which means both the text and the screenshots MUST stay
I found the mass of detail confusing
but science fiction mavens who are more used to this sort of plot will in all probability comprehend it much better than I .
any rate , read it a couple times to get some background .
detail the game 's user interface ; this latter subject may also be found as a Microsoft Word document on game disk 1 .
several instances there is more than one way to do what you want to do -- for example
you want to do -- for example
load or save games -- and one of these will usually turn out to be simpler .
the above manuals are method of playing options
beginning a new game : Easy , Normal , and Demo .
you can switch from Normal
keying Ctrl/Shift/E ; apparently you can not switch back .
the Ward is quite a long game for one that is on only two CD 's
and it is about as nonlinear an Adventure game as you are likely to find .
as nonlinear an Adventure game as you are likely to find .
you are likely to find
aided by thumbnails .
this is to your decided advantage
there are many , many opportunities to be destroyed
so you must save often .
A good share of these chances are the result of timed sequences
a couple with visible countdown timers and others evident only when you are overcome .
you are overcome
it is during these periods that the protagonist
Walker & rsquo ; s deliberate pace becomes frustrating , at other times
it is only annoying
and there is no way to make him hurry .
the first section of the game on the Moonbase is quite straightforward
and linear , but when you get to Mars the incessant moving and talking
you get to Mars
you must do to force development
, as well as the tedious blackjack game , can become rather wearying , and I was tempted a couple times to give up
, but I hope that is not an impediment to other players
because it is a pretty fair game if one overlooks these shortcomings , accepts the premise , and ignores the discontinuities .
it is a pretty fair game if one overlooks
the same item is designated by different names
in it is done in inventory .
it would be much easier to identify items were they not shown so dark ; this is exacerbated by the fact
it would be much easier to identify items were they not shown so dark
they spin when the cursor is on them & mdash ; which is fine & mdash ; but if thin or narrow black items stop when edge on they are almost invisible .
the cursor is on them & mdash ; which is fine & mdash ; but if thin or narrow black items stop when edge on they are almost invisible .
them & mdash ; which is fine & mdash ; but if thin or narrow black items stop when edge on they are almost invisible .
edge on they are almost invisible .
they are almost invisible
I found it interesting that it is only in a few videos
it is only in a few videos
there is any spoken dialog
the rest of the time & mdash ; and there is a lot & mdash ; it is not spoken but printed .
others consistently have other colors , which helps identify the speaker .
the following walkthrough I tried not only to present explicit instructions on what moves to make , but also in many instances why they are necessary .
, but also in many instances why they are necessary .
they are necessary
of the Mars Colony , should prove quite helpful .
and you should always keep in mind
this is an Adventure game
so you must save often .
the moon surface with the Lander module or in the Orbiter circling the moon , it is not exactly clear about this .
you , the moon base , the Orbiter , and Houston before the Orbiter goes out of communication on the moon 's dark side
thereafter an alien force destroys the Orbiter and the Lander with missiles
, and you are the only one left .
this walkthrough that the Fraction are on your side , and the Controllers , the Reptoids , and the Greys ( maybe ) are your enemies .
your side , and the Controllers , the Reptoids , and the Greys ( maybe ) are your enemies .
and you have been captured .
you regaining consciousness , without your space helmet and in a compartment filled with many things , so you must start exploring .
a compartment filled with many things
your neck is a collar that you ca n't remove , apparently a surveillance device in conjunction with the sphere floating above ( click on it ) .
you ca n't remove , apparently a surveillance device in conjunction with the sphere floating above ( click on it )
seen in closeup shows a screwdriver for you to pick up and put in inventory .
there are a couple of dead bodies on cots
one alien and one human ; perhaps this is a morgue .
you need the screwdriver to remove .
you are being held .
it and the various compartments will highlight ; click on any one of them and a legend appears across the top , but you ca n't read it because it is in an alien script .
them and a legend appears across the top , but you ca n't read it because it is in an alien script
the top , but you ca n't read it
it is in an alien script
yellow takes you back out of the map ( you can also do this using a red movement arrow at screen bottom ) .
you can also do this using a red movement arrow at screen bottom
the second compartment from the left at the top the map shows a pulsing red+ ; that would be your position in this morgue compartment as you look at this map .
you look at this map
there is a blueowhere
you found the dead alien and a green+for
there are more such indications in other compartments
the blueo 's are aliens and the orange diamonds are enemy drones that must be avoided .
order to make it printable the colors had to be electronically reversed and some of the details
you move around the base .
the collar , getting more intense the longer you stay away from the floating sphere
, you have time to examine the first of these aliens before being driven back by the noise
, and from next to his body you can get a security card .
you can put this card in a slot in the red column to the left of the moonbase wall map
, whereupon the column turns green
and the + representing you on the diagram turns from red to green .
when you move away from the sphere the collar is silent , though it still emits a tracking beacon
you move away from the sphere
it still emits a tracking beacon
, as you will find out .
you will find out
there was something else on that alien in the passageway
: a ring , but it is tight on his finger and you ca n't get it off .
the floor is another alien
you can get a ring with blue engraving .
the third alien corpse there is nothing .
them but fortunately only knocked you out .
the wall opposite him is a locked door
but you can open it using the medcard .
you , at least at this time .
you entered are red sensors , the one on the left will accept the medcard and open the door .
you entered are red sensors , the one on the left will accept the medcard
you entered are red sensors
the one on the right also accepts the card
and then some faint blue markings appear on the screen immediately to the right of it .
it appears showing a spaceship and a 6-button touch screen
the leftmost button and the spaceship turns out to be a robotic surgical instrument that drops down from the lab ceiling .
they do , but after the first , you need to click on the third to expose some blades and the last to lock them in place so you can break one off and place it in inventory .
the first , you need to click on the third to expose some blades and the last to lock them in place so you can break one off and place it in inventory .
you can break one off and place
the medcard to the left door sensor to go back to the alien corpse in the passageway
and use the blade to get the ring from his finger .
this ring has an engraving
it identical to the blue one
you got from the other dead alien
but the color of this one is cyan .
the medlab go all the way to the right where there are five cabinets in the wall , four closed and one open .
the medlab go all the way to the right
there are five cabinets in the wall
the closed one on the right is a sensor into which you can put the medcard to light up a screen ; a closeup of the screen shows the indecipherable alien script .
you can put the medcard to light up a screen
the open cabinet you can get , one at a time
three capsules containing blood samples .
the foreground are three medical beds and a medical robot , the red light on the latter indicating it is active .
the foreground are three medical beds
you will be in a biological laboratory & mdash ; a biolab .
you will be in a biological laboratory
this room is a blue square right in front of Walker when he enters ; place the cursor on it to find that it is a microscope .
he enters ; place the cursor
it to find that it is a microscope
it is a microscope
it a bright & quot ; light object
the globe are four smaller bars and one larger one .
they can be superimposed and become one , then click on the larger bar to turn the circle red and the sample will float out of the globe .
they can be superimposed and become one
it is called a glowing lens .
shortly , just wait .
can be seen laser flashes .
the room is a long probe extending from the ceiling toward a low pedestal on which something is swirling .
something is swirling
it labels it & quot ; pulsating matter & quot ; ; click on it and Walker calls it & quot ; a hollow mass of live tissue & quot ; .
it and Walker calls it & quot
you put it in inventory it is called a biocontainer .
you put it in inventory
now leave it on the pedestal .
this room but you will not find anything productive .
you have to .
the moonbase map indicates is a couple of drones .
here , it is your first opportunity to be killed
the floor is another alien body
and again when there is a firing pause , retrieve a green engraved ring from it .
there is a firing pause
the wall by the new door is a control panel that will show a closeup when you click on it , but it is too dark to make out the details .
you click on it , but it is too dark
it , but it is too dark
the glowing lens that you took from the microscope , then use the screwdriver
you took from the microscope
to pry off the cover in the panel upper left -- keep at it , it will come off after several attempts .
it , it will come off after several attempts
all three bars are
the bars are three sensors on which are faint insignia that match the engravings on the three rings that you have in inventory .
you have in inventory
your task is to match a randomly
established color sequence of the sensors with the rings .
you do this by picking a ring
inventory and clicking it on a sensor
putting the ring back in inventory , and repeating with another ring on another sensor .
you must complete the sequence within a quite
short time set up by a timer in the panel .
time runs out , start again .
, start again .
no ring colors are repeated , and therefore
there are six different sequences of the green , blue , and cyan rings : GBC GCB CGB CBG BCG BGC Line up your choice of a ring sequence in inventory , and by operation of the left and right mouse buttons
you can select
place , and release the three rings before the timer runs out .
is two green lines to appear at the bottom of the panel display , so keep trying different sequences until that happens .
this point the shooting alien will toss at your feet a red engraved ring ( which might be hidden by the inventory display ) .
you must go through the same procedure of clicking rings on the three sensors
, but here the red ring is substituted for one of the rings that got the two green lines .
the correct one the door opens and you go through
, the alien loses his fight and gets killed so the drones
he was fighting are free to come after you , and therefore you mustimmediatelyclick on the sensor on the left of the door to close it and keep a drone from getting to you and ending the game unfavorably .
you , and therefore you mustimmediatelyclick on the sensor on the left of the door to close it and keep a drone from getting to you and ending the game unfavorably .
you will need it to open another .
you now find yourself has a large screen
he sees a ring
it , but you ca n't find it with your cursor .
the center of the room is what looks like a large gaming table
but Walker thinks it is a holographic projector .
the end of this table is a cover and next to it a button or a bump , depending on the place from which you view it .
the end of this table is a cover
you view it
it and the cover moves off to bring up a device that resembles a TV remote control , but the game calls it a memorizer .
it is in the alien script .
you will find more displays and consoles , and another projector , but nothing with which to interact .
you will find more displays and consoles
into a long stone walled passageway with yet another door at the far end that opens as you approach it .
you approach it
you enter a large indistinct area with a luminous sphere
suspended high above a circle on the floor , and floating lower at shoulder height is a gray object that is called a plate when you run the cursor over it , then a floating stone when you click on it and Walker moves to it .
shoulder height is a gray
you run the cursor
it , then a floating stone when you click on it and Walker moves to it
you click on
it again and it morphs to a plate with symbols on it .
it a third time and you can place it in inventory , yet it remains floating in front of Walker .
it once more and hold the mouse
disks and triangles stuck together ; these are labeled tiles .
the floor circle and it appears full screen
is a step by step solution : The overlapping parts of the disks and triangles should be a close color
match for corresponding sections of the stone plate diagram on the left .
the conclusion two alien members of the Fraction appear .
the pyrotechnics that have just concluded in which Walker is given an implant , he can now understand them and read their language .
Walker is given an implant
Walker is told things about himself that he did not know , of the many things he is expected to do , and his important responsibilities .
himself that he did not know , of the many things he is expected to do , and his important responsibilities
he did not know , of the many things
these reasons , a copy of this conversation follows
a reference : BRBL OKHL BLA TLA ... we ... do n't want to hurt you
, we 're on your side
, we do n't want to hurt you ... do n't know
you are already able to communicate with us
but believe me , we are not your enemies .
me , we are not your enemies
you were in touch with the Maker 's Artifact .
, the only thing that you can do is protect what is inside
you - and reach Mars in a vessel alive .
it 's a code name of a man
you 'll have to find on Cydonia .
he is your connection
's this ?
you are him .
- the Technology knows your very core .
you were not the real one
there is no time
to discuss it .
the essence that took your body was made by Technology
and the one who owns the Technology owns the Universe .
you alive , Ward - you have to stay alive and go to Cydonia .
me , you do not want to meet them
it 's a spacecraft
leaving for Mars .
you have a memorizer
you 'll have to use it .
anybody else will act according to the Reptoids '
orders ; shoot first , then capture the remains .
the only way to smuggle the cone past the Reptoids is to use the biocontainer
and smuggle it inside your body .
blood samples of abductees should be in the medlab
and the microscope and the transferring ray apparatus in the biolab next to it .
using the correct activation code .
, they are coming for us !
you a badge-like object they called a Communicator ; it is called a Secret Sign in inventory .
you a badge-like object they called a Communicator
you picked up early in the game .
you were at the other end of the stone walled corridor .
being shot by a laser is one of the more difficult episodes of this game .
the time given to do this is so short
it borders on being unfair
but it can be done with practice .
entering the corridor ( when Walker is ready to say & quot ; Anything else ?
Walker is ready to say & quot
& quot ; to the Fraction aliens ) , in inventory set up the final colored ring sequence
you learned from that particular puzzle
then save your game and be fast with the mouse keys when you get to the code lock .
you get to the code
it , or you can still be shot .
shot .
the implant from the aliens you can now read the alien script .
the oval display are several items telling about attempts and failures to reach an artifact
presumably the Maker 's Ark .
to the next room and access the moonbase map and click on the blinking legend at the top .
are now readable .
most of these will display messages similar to the ones
you just read on the oval display
; many of these are cryptic
others will have reference to things you have learned or experienced .
you will also note additional icons
indicating more drones .
you click on the Life Support legend on the top left the map will show a red overlay of ventilation ducts
fact there are drones patrolling it .
these are the menacing orange diamonds
are tiny green anchors .
these latter ones are harmless maintenance robots
and the motionless one on the right is broken .
there are four red ovals on the ductwork
that are gates through which there is no passage
but if you put any of the four rings in the console slot you get control of these gates .
you put any of the four rings in the console slot
them and it turns blue
it is open for passage .
2 is a moonbase
map screenshot now showing the ducts
and again the colors had to be reversed to get a print .
you are going to have to get the collar
off and send it away with the drones following it as suggested by the Fraction aliens , and to do this you are going to have to move around through the ducts .
the Fraction aliens , and to do this you are going to have to move around through the ducts
you need to get to both the maintenance robots
and of course avoid the orange drones .
the ductwork on the left and its patrol commands will be shown ( if it is not visible , wait a bit and it will appear from the left ) .
it is not visible , wait a bit and it will appear from the left
it is not visible
there are four of these : sector 101
sector 102 , sector 103 , and checkpoint exh .
they are active .
the four patrol commands and the zones will be indicated on the map , with blinking arrows showing for sector 103 and a circle for the location of checkpoint exh .
the map , with blinking arrows showing for sector 103 and a circle for the location of checkpoint exh .
it is currently patrolling sector 101
, but you want to meet it at the checkpoint
so click on the fourth bar and the robot will go to this location and wait .
you must go to it .
setting the oval red gates alternately open and closed and watching the two patrol drones
they move
you can get both of them in the section of ductwork above the upper gate and then confine them there , thus giving yourself a safe path to the immobile maintenance robot .
them in the section of ductwork above the upper gate and then confine them there , thus giving yourself a safe path to the immobile maintenance robot .
the floor on Walker 's left you will find a grate in the wall .
inventory click the gun load from the aliens on the laser gun
you picked up early in the game
and then click the gun on the grate .
you are in the duct with the lasered opening on your right .
you come to the cross duct
the tool that is its right hand is almost torn off .
you can use this item
so click the blade on it , then put the tool in inventory .
it , then put the tool in inventory
this robot contains setup readings
you must get into the memorizer
the unit used to communicate with several robotic items that you will encounter .
you will encounter
them on the other maintenance robot waiting at checkpoint exh .
there is a display panel in the upper
half and a command section in the lower half , and you can now read all of the printing on it
thanks to your alien implant .
you use a command from the lower section , watch the announcements in the top and bottom lines of the display .
you use a command from the lower section
it into a rotating arrow , signaling an about face when you click .
you click
the ducts and out to the map console .
the map and ductwork overlay again .
release the drones from the upper ductwork section and manipulate the ovals to allow them into the section on the right of the right oval
which is then made red to confine them there , and make the other three blue .
the drones are now trapped , and you do not need to go there again .
, and you do not need to go there again
the drones were previously trapped .
can be removed by using the robotic hand on two screws at the top corners of the grate .
you need to get a data setting
the security sphere floating in the morgue compartment where you began the game
you began the game
so go there and bring up the memorizer .
there and bring up the memorizer
you neutralized the sphere at the beginning of the game
and this setting will be needed later .
before to go into the medlab .
you got the blood samples .
you can now read .
you do that two arms reach up and remove the collar ; put it back in inventory .
you do that two arms reach up and remove the collar
does Walker , in the closeup the statement that the collar beacon is still functional .
the closeup the statement that the collar beacon is still functional
there is interesting information to be had from other items in the display
though it is not necessary for game progress .
you will be facing the waiting maintenance robot
you sent to the checkpoint .
now you must activate its inactive sectors
you can send it to one
them , using the data
you got from the inactive robot
and for this you need to again use the memorizer .
the robot , turn left , return to the console , and use a ring on it for the last time .
it is carrying the collar .
will now be highlighted .
you can send the robot to either Sector 102
or 103 ; the latter is farther away so choose that one and send it there with the orange drones following it since it has the collar .
it there with the orange drones following it since it has the collar
the drones are no longer outside the console room door , you can leave and go back to the biolab and complete the instructions from the Fraction aliens to get the crystal cone past the Reptoids .
the drones are no longer outside the console room door , you can leave and go back to the biolab
the drones are no longer outside
the panel at the left of the door to open it , then cross the passageway and use the medcard to enter the biolab .
you have taken the biocontainer ( pulsating matter ) from the pedestal below the long probe
put it back now .
it to get the closeup
it becomes a light object .
the longer of the five bars beneath the lens and the microscope globe reappears with the red circle on its surface .
blood samples can be placed in the microscope
and analyzed by clicking on the touch screen strip .
the aliens have told you that the only way to get the crystal cone past the Reptoids is put it inside your body
the aliens have told you that the only way to get the crystal cone
using the biocontainer and that a sample of your blood is necessary .
you have four blood samples in inventory
and if you analyze them in the microscope you will find that two -- Nos .
you analyze them in the microscope
the microscope shows no apparent difference between these latter two
but in the subsequent absorption process , sample No .
perhaps it is somehow close enough to your own to be suitable .
you were unconscious .
the sample is human DNA biomatter .
the probe ( the aliens transferring ray apparatus ) the DNA can be seen being infused into the biocontainer on the pedestal .
there , click the crystal cone on it .
you can to entering the biolab and repeat , closely following each of the directions .
you can to entering the biolab
will take you to the landing bay .
you do that , however , bring up the memorizer and use the arrows to highlightSEC.LEVEL 6 .
, however , bring up the memorizer and use the arrows to highlightSEC.LEVEL 6 .
you enter this hangar clicktransmitin order to neutralize the floating security sphere or you will be zapped out of the game .
you enter this hangar
the security sphere successfully neutralized you can pick up an oxygen mask on your right and an oxygen tank on your left .
you get them .
bring up the memorizer :
Enter the container , the large box on the right with the red handle .
it , get the memorizer and use the arrows to select the container code , then click on transmit
inventory , click the oxygen tank on the oxygen mask , and a long video ensues in which the container is loaded on a spaceship and transported to Mars .
the container is loaded on a spaceship
linear , so presenting here an orderly game procession sequence is not possible .
now you have to keep him moving around in this colony , endlessly talking and talking to the various people and amassing information .
in this colony , endlessly talking and talking to the various people and amassing information .
, and you pretty much have to address everyone that you can , using all the queries that are available .
you can , using all the queries
the conversation lists you can choose to be confrontational or agreeable
but usually you ask everything that you can .
a while those that do will not have much to say because you have exhausted that person 's information ; however , depending upon replies from one , a flag may be set so that new information will be forthcoming from another , and therefore
you have exhausted that person 's
here is a list of the personnel
you will meet and query
, in no particular order : Recall that the aliens on the moon gave you a badge-like Communicator to help you identify a contact
they called the Nexus
, so you must be on the lookout
him by showing this item to colony inhabitants ,
you do
most will say it is not a good idea to do so .
you can get a handle on the distinction between the Greys , the Reptoids , the Controllers , and the Men in Black ( MiB ) , and what is their relationship with each other
all through much of the following you will find things that must be done
but not necessarily in the order listed .
this scene is a long shot
and if there are other people there they may be hard to see .
there are other people
you still have left from the things you gathered on the moon
you still have left from the things
you are met by the villain
Jack Ripper who will take you to Jack Marshall , the man who runs this place for the Greys .
you the rules and give you a chamber card for your housing .
there is not much more than a locked cabinet , a chair , and a bed .
there is not much more than a locked cabinet
a bit , and you will have a vision
you are told to look for the Quickener .
there will be a long conversation with him
as well as with Dr Morgan and Jessica when you meet them .
you meet them
you talk to someone else , so do that .
you talk to someone
the dialogue will take place in the casino and the church , since for some reason these are safe places from the non-human oppressors .
the dialogue will take place in the casino
for some reason these are safe places from the non-human oppressors
the left rear of the casino is the door to the room of the smartass fortune teller ;
first her conversation is rather sophomoric
something to endure .
sooner or later you are going to have to play a tiresome game of blackjack with the Gambler in the casino
and you might as well get it over with .
you need to get two items
that he has , which are his sleeping chamber card and a half of the Pager 's card .
he has , which are his sleeping
it may be that he wo n't bet the card half
he wo n't bet the card half
it is the last thing
he has to wager , so by the end of this card playing
you should have all of the items
you will be needing
plus some new ones that have unaccountably appeared and others that you have won .
you have won
obviously the gambling has to be fixed so that you eventually win the items that are needed for the game to progress ,
you eventually win the items
you will lose some things
you play
you will win in the end after a tedious playing session .
he can choose , unless you have only one betable item left ( some of your items are not candidates for gambling ) .
you have only one betable item left ( some of your items are not candidates for gambling ) .
your items are not candidates for gambling
once you get the Pager 's
half card you can show it
specifically to Hacker , and you eventually will learn how to get the second half .
you must keep moving and talking to anyone you can , particularly Jessica , Dr Jeffrey Morgan , and Preacher John Holbrook , as well as most others except the Gambler , in order to learn more and to trigger new conversation or action .
you should be on the lookout
the personnel quarters there are several cabinets with slider puzzle locks
you have already seen one in your room
there are clues that turn up to solve these puzzles
and you ca n't solve one unless the clue is present or in inventory .
solving one you must click on the word
it to open .
you encounter will be the one in Rita 's
you finally find the door
she is absent .
the three Tarot cards from the table from an earlier visit with Rita ; the cabinet puzzle clue is the Wheel of Fortune card .
examine the card and you will see the same items
that are in the cabinet lock slider squares .
seen on the card ( except for one of the boots ) by using the right mouse key .
you get the cabinet
a door will open behind Rita 's table .
it closes and you can enter a secret room
the back of the room you can pick up a notebook , or you can get it later .
the room you can pick up a notebook , or you can get it
the room you can pick up a notebook
you have managed to get Pager 's complete card .
, and you may wish to put the Tarot cards back on the table .
you have rescued Rosa from Ripper
the next time you locate her she will give you a diagram that she tells you is the key to the cabinet in Slash 's room and in which is the other half of Pager 's card that you won from the Gambler .
you a diagram that she tells you is the key to the cabinet in Slash 's room and in which is the other half of Pager 's card that you won from the Gambler .
she tells you is the key to the cabinet in Slash 's room
you won from the Gambler
there seems to be an anomaly
here : from the Gambler you have won & mdash ; or will do so & mdash ; his room admittance card ( and so identified in inventory ) , which will open the room next to yours ; however , when you get the clue from Rosa she says that it is Slash 's room .
the Gambler you have won & mdash ; or will do so & mdash
you get the clue from Rosa she says
you get the clue from Rosa
it is Slash 's
this to be the case , apply the Gambler & rsquo ; s card to enter the room to the right of yours and using Rosa 's clue to solve the slider puzzle , get the other half of the card from the cabinet .
Hacker , give both card halves to him , then the next time you find him he will return it repaired .
both card halves to him , then the next time you find him he will return it repaired
you will find Jake the Radioman
who shows you a note he found on his radio .
there the door is ajar
inside the room the door closes and locks , the call bell beside it does not work
and air is being drawn from the room .
you have begun a timed puzzle
in which you must repair the bell or you will suffocate .
you must repair the bell
the door , then a little way up on the right side
it find a hidden switch
you can see a pair of open wires .
the wires , which will join crossed , then press the bell button , causing sparks .
the wires are once more open .
them again , making sure they are not crossed ( click on them twice ) .
has burned out .
the fuse base sitting in bottom of the cabinet .
the base to screw the assembly back in place , then try the bell button again .
you have performed the foregoing within the allotted time and successfully repaired the call bell , the scene shifts to Hacker and Preacher John talking in the church , when they suddenly hear bells .
you have performed the foregoing within the allotted time and successfully repaired the call bell
they suddenly hear bells
you have been resuscitated .
the Preacher denies the Radioman 's note , and the scheme is attributed to Marshall
aided by Ripper .
your inventory you will find that the Secret Sign , the medallion from the aliens on the moon , is missing ; someone has taken it .
your inventory you will find that the Secret Sign
someone has taken it
the church , to have a very long conversation with her concerning implants , the MiB , and Dr Webber .
Rita 's remarks about Dr Webber , you can now talk to and get answers from him , but you wo n't learn much .
him , but you wo n't learn much
you can locate Hacker he will give you the repaired Pager 's card .
, you ca n't look for
him in the casino , as Jake tells you that Ripper is in there , mad and looking for trouble after the failure to suffocate you .
there , mad and looking for trouble after the failure to suffocate you
you find him and get the repaired card , ask him about the Nexus and the Inner Circle .
you find him and get the repaired card
pager 's card will open the preacher 's door
so go there and look for him .
there and look for him
there ; use the bell button to see if that will bring him .
you leave
the bell has called the people to church
ask the Preacher to cover for you as you have something to do .
you have something to do
Ripper has since left , then to the fortune teller 's room , using Pager 's card to get in .
left , then to the fortune teller 's room , using Pager 's card to get in
& quot ; done & quot ; , then click on the cabinet , which will open to show the slot behind the book on the lower shelf .
then click on the cabinet
pager 's card applied to the slot
will open the secret door behind the table .
the door at the right of the room .
you click on it , revealing another slot on which to try the Pager 's card .
it , revealing another slot on which to try the Pager 's card .
A section of the wall to your left starts to shimmer
and you can pass through to another room .
you will find a notebook
containing a star chart and a diary .
you examine it Jessica walks in and there is a discussion about the Makers , their technology , and the center of it in the Holy Mountain on Draco .
and there is a discussion about the Makers , their technology , and the center of it in the Holy Mountain on Draco
it in the Holy Mountain on Draco
the Nexus , then they join him in the outer room
, about the crystal cone and the diary , and escaping through ventilation ducts .
she is going with you , and there is a video
you , and there is a video
the sensor to open a hatch , and go out to a base core panoramic scene .
there is a small red triangle at left center signifying your position
; click on that and you will go to a large corridor with spacecraft traveling overhead .
and you will go to a large corridor with spacecraft traveling overhead
you follow it you will find a sensor on a pillar
use the Pager 's card on the sensor and you can pass through the wall
to the right of the sensor .
you will be met by a Fraction alien .
some discussion about releasing your biocontainer and stating that you are in a safe place , he leads you to the Fraction High Council .
you are in a safe place , he leads you to the Fraction High Council
a safe place , he leads you to the Fraction High Council
everything , including the earth .
when you landed at the Mars human colony a Fraction agent managed to switch your memorizer with another , so Marshall does not have the one to access the biocontainer within you .
you landed at the Mars human colony
Marshall does not have the one to access the biocontainer within you .
the needed memorizer is hidden back at the colony
so you have to go there and get it .
there and get it .
there is mention of a needed keycard the Reptoids attack .
you escape in a speeder and you and Jessica are returned to the landing area on the Mars human colony
he says
that the Controllers surprised the colony with a gas attack but Rita saved them by creating a shield .
it is not exactly clear
but this conversation indicates a bridge must be lowered in order to get to your hidden memorizer .
that you mingle with the others so suspicions will not be aroused concerning your absence , and you are back to chasing around
you mingle with the others so suspicions will not be aroused concerning your absence
, talk to Jake and Hacker , see if you can make any sense of what they say ; also find Dr Morgan
you can make any sense
they say
, who says someone unknown has a dangerous implant , and Jake Shaffer tells you that Marshall has a bridge controller in his safe .
, where you will find the door to the secret room open .
you will find the door to the secret
go all the way back to the diary with the star chart
and there you will find Rita .
there is a rumor that a bridge
you already know if you have talked to Jake .
you have talked to Jake
open the diary to the star chart , then click the notebook
you have been carrying on it
and the star chart will be copied to the notebook .
you get outside the casino Ripper will be there with information that something has happened to the Preacher and Jessica .
there with information that something has happened to the Preacher and Jessica .
Ripper is standing menacingly in front of Marshall , and Jessica sitting tensely in the room 's chair .
there is some dialog
threatening from Ripper , pseudo-urbane from Marshall .
he has placed a poison
dart necklace on Jessica and has a remote control that can kill her in seconds .
and has Ripper set a timer .
you are now at the beginning of another timed sequence
but in this one the game Save function remains working .
and tells Marshall the guards want him -- something to do with the Preacher .
Walker and Ripper , then a video fight in which Ripper is killed and Walker is apparently unharmed .
Ripper is killed and Walker is apparently unharmed .
the casino , and he tells you Marshall has a backup controller in his safe .
he also tells you
he saw Marshall go into his office
then he automatically takes Pager 's card and goes to Jessica to try and slow things down .
then he automatically takes Pager 's card
Marshall out of his office .
soon as you are out of the door use Ripper 's pager .
you are out of the door
turns briefly red .
inventory and get the freezer .
he can freeze Marshall who comes to answer the pager call
soon as he appears by the double doors from the corridor , click the freezer on him and he crumples .
he appears by the double doors from the corridor
him and he crumples
him get his freezer ( it disappears , two are not needed )
it disappears , two are not needed
and from his pockets get his personal card and a diagram .
tell Slash you need to get the decoder to save Jessica and he lets you go in .
Slash you need to get the decoder to save Jessica and he lets you go in
Slash you need to get the decoder to save Jessica
the large cube on the floor below some pictures is Marshall 's
the diagram you just got from Marshall
is the slider clue .
you solve the puzzle
, click on & quot ; done & quot ; , the safe opens , and from it you get the data reader/backup controller .
it you get the data reader/backup controller
it and it dissolves so that you can get the implant gun from the shelf behind it
you can get the implant gun from the shelf behind it
you leave the room .
a short conversation you decide the only way to hide Ripper 's body is throw it into the abyss .
and you are on your own in the landing area just outside the entrance to the rooms .
the far right across the abyss the cursor can locate a control room ( often referred to in the game as the controller 's room ) .
there seems to be no indication of it , but you are once more in a timed interval of unspecified length before the Controllers discover
it , but you are once more
you and end the game .
the memorizer did .
, then presstransmit .
watch Walker closely and get him across the bridge
just up to the control room
then use the data reader again , highlightbridge offand presstransmitto make the bridge disappear .
then use the data reader
you can see the landing area
a Control speeder is arriving for a medical emergency .
you have removed the bridge in time they will not know that you are in the control room and the speeder will leave .
you are in the control room and the speeder will leave .
the control room and the speeder will leave .
there are two cabinets
just to the left of the window with a pair of sensors between them .
the right cabinet you can get your memorizer , and also two implants .
the right cabinet you can get your memorizer
the last scrambled code , unscramblethis code the same number of times you scrambled it , presstransmit , and a video shows the biocontainer coming out of Walker 's
, and a video shows the biocontainer coming out of Walker 's
it may be found in inventory with the crystal cone
inside it .
you are close by and have the code for the cabinet slider lock that is in your room -- the code is the center part of the star chart copy -- you may as well go there .
and have the code for the cabinet slider lock that is in your room -- the code is the center part of the star chart copy -- you may as well go there .
the cabinet slider lock that is in your room -- the code is the center part of the star chart copy -- you may as well go there
the cabinet slider lock that is in your room -- the code is the center
the solving routine and open the cabinet you find some purple tiles
them , so go to her where she is still in the secret room puzzling over the diary .
she is still in the secret room puzzling over the diary
the way you may run into someone
probably Slash , with bad news about Preacher John .
you do , after telling it he will go through a newly accessible door into the guards ' quarters .
telling it he will go through a newly accessible door into the guards ' quarters .
you can follow
him to see the Preacher
but he is unconscious so you ca n't react with him .
you ca n't react with him
, however , have an idea of how you and Jessica were found in the secret Fraction headquarters .
you and Jessica were found in the secret Fraction headquarters
of a trace implant ; Jessica has been on walks before and has not been caught , so it must be in you .
and has not been caught , so it must be in you .
it must be in you
she says you should see Dr Webber because of the implant experience that Jessica
told you about .
you leave Rita the crystal cone is no longer in the biocontainer .
you leave Rita the crystal cone
you find Webber , tell him you need help , and you gather in Rita 's room with Jessica and Hacker .
Webber , tell him you need help , and you gather in Rita 's room with Jessica and Hacker .
, and you gather in Rita 's room with Jessica and Hacker
first refuses , but is persuaded .
, and after a video of visions and impressions , the implant is out and a 3 minute countdown timer is running .
a video of visions and impressions , the implant is out and a 3 minute
it is still functional , there is only a limited time
, there is only a limited time
the timer indicates ; at any rate , if it expires the Controllers find you .
it expires the Controllers find you .
you have not yet encountered
the red holofountain and he will tell you about the Preacher and you can follow him into the guards '
the red holofountain and he will tell you about the Preacher
he has already told you , go directly to the guards '
it to Preacher John .
she drew contour lines of a shape needed to activate the crystal cone
she returns to you and then leaves
this contour , then click the purple tiles from your room on it .
it , right click to rotate it a quarter turn as many times as you think might be required , then drag it to the outline that Rita drew .
you think might be required , then drag it to the outline that Rita drew
there is no automatic solution
there is for the sliders
but it is not very hard .
place the crystal cone in this circle
the books pages flip rapidly , and a shimmering dot of light rises from it .
a multi-pastel colored crystal that the game calls an object .
you have seen there a closet that has not yet been opened .
Holbrook referred in the words you got from Slash .
the words you got from Slash
it may still open showing the bell circuitry
but if it is you can close it by finding an arrow at the very top left corner .
it is you can close it
there is an ornament
it for a closeup and you will see the word Rev doubly underlined
this is the clue for the closet
you would be well advised to use the Easy Game solution for this slider
because the squares in the unsolved one in no way resemble those of the solved one .
the open closet reveals some miscellaneous books
along the backs of these books and you will turn up the Preacher 's
you will also find inside the Bible a data
you do not need two , so it stays there
it stays there
these items accept personal cards , try inserting the Preacher 's card in the data reader that you have .
you have
; bring up those below the last line and sure enough , one begins with tt5 .
the last line and sure enough , one begins
it and a cross-shaped object called a psi comm appears , as well as a picture with the name Gowddeln in it .
click the psi comm on the exclamation point in the picture and you have a conversation with Gowddeln
about a window of opportunity to go to the Holy Mountain on Draco .
him at the entrance to the city at the end of the ducts .
there you have a long conversation about the details of the trip
: We meet again
your trip to Draco .
I am sure
you think the same .
you will have to pass a series
of security scans to do that .
you will identify yourself as a member of the MTI
they are all
programmed with your ID code .
the implant recognizes that it has been extracted from your body it will start to scream for guards .
it has been extracted from your body
it takes a minute
minute and a half at best for the implant to recognize that situation .
ammo , too .
you have to find a crew member
and put him under your control .
survival once you are aboard .
, keep in mind that you don & rsquo ; t stand a chance
you don & rsquo
directly fighting the Reptoids .
you can only try to fight
them from somewhere else , or from a moment earlier or ahead in time .
A council made of three
remaining Fraction members has spent several days working out all the details .
every Reptoid interstellar ship , is made according to the Makers blueprints .
you are recognized by the computer as the Ward
the Reptoid crew could become strangers on their own ship .
, I am afraid , the only development that is likely to succeed .
no human is allowed to prowl the docks
unsupervised .
this holomask will complete your disguise
but I doubt that it will fool any scanners more complex than those used on the docks .
it will fool any scanners
those used on the docks
you an ID implant card , a special implant , and a holomask to disguise yourself as a Reptoid .
there are four settings shown on the left
you highlight using the wings of the arrowhead on the right
then activate by pressing the arrowhead point .
a Reptoid looks like
to the right of the large vertical central tube the cursor will show a right pointing red movement
arrow that will take you to a view of the docks .
takes you to a loading dock .
there are Reptoids on a break
enjoying a joke .
him to bring him under your control .
there is a Q
& amp ; A session about boarding , what you can carry , what you will encounter , etc .
you can carry , what you will encounter , etc
you will encounter , etc
the implant gun and fire it into the biocontainer in inventory .
you removed the biocontainer in the control room .
click ontransmitand the absorption video will show the biocontainer
being taken into Walker 's hand .
take off the holomask , talk to the Grey , and a video takes you aboard the space
ship Dorb Adiopter .
space Ship Now the game action gets more complicated
you must switch back and forth playing as either Walker or Bloom
and you can exchange inventory items .
there is nothing in your inventory
but the absorbed biocontainer containing the special implant .
Bloom and tell him that you want him to do something for you .
you want him to do something for you
he agrees , the inventory icon at lower right rotates to a different one ( Bloom 's ) , and a new star icon appears above it , briefly at first but more permanently later .
it , briefly at first but more permanently later .
you are now playing as Bloom
and you have his inventory .
you are on space ship
Level D. On the wall are a console
, then click ontransmitto establish the comm.link .
it is , then click onreceiveto bring the code information into the memorizer .
, then click onreceiveto bring the code information into the memorizer .
Bloom , go to the console and click on it , then successively click on the three Level indicators .
it , then successively click on the three Level indicators
each of the three there will be a diagram of these ship levels
and you are to run the cursor over all of the sections of each diagram to highlight them and see what they are .
and you are to run the cursor over all of the sections of each diagram to highlight
they are
, tell Bloom again that you want him to do something for you .
you want him to do something for you
the locked door , then in closeup use the STD card on the center slot and the door will open
Bloom 's left ( your right ) will be the door to the Storage section
the STD card will also open .
the shelves along the side you can get closeups of Maintenance Equipment
Hardware/Tools , and Electronic Devices ; in each of these is a small chest from which you can remove a maintenance key , a wire cutter , and two communicators , respectively .
these is a small chest
you can remove a maintenance
there is also a closeup of Electronic Parts
but you ca n't get anything from it at this time .
a very brief conversation , click on the red elevator call button almost obscured by the Reptoid 's head and an elevator door button will appear .
the Reptoid 's head and an elevator door button will
the WAIT notice goes out .
it gets there
bloom is in the Hibernation area on Level C. Along
the wall are cryobooths
and Bloom must find his , which is nearby on the left .
it ( near the leftmost set of lights ) he will say so , and that there is a panel on the left
the leftmost set of lights
there is a panel on the left
find this panel with the cursor ; the resulting closeup requires the use of the maintenance
key on the container lock to open it and show a full gas tank .
the tank , then click on the red and blue wires to disconnect them .
return to the Storage area , where from the Electronic Parts closeup you now can a get a Y-microjack .
from the Electronic Parts closeup you now can a get a Y-microjack
the top and get the empty gas tank .
open the cryobooth panel again and put the Y-microjack in the microslot on the left
then connect both the red and blue wires to the Y-microjack .
and close the panel .
and return to Walker waiting in the Cargo Bay on Level D. Click on Walker to talk to him .
Bloom 's inventory icon at lower right .
there is nothing left to be done , & quot
A video supplies the latter , at the conclusion of which Bloom says the waiting is over , Walker tells him he had better get going , and the star icon appears again
Bloom says
, and the star icon appears again
him through the open door and down the corridor toward the elevator .
he will be met by a Reptoid
and taken to the hibernation area .
this sequence or the Reptoids will discover Bloom 's
A Reptoid says
there will be a scan in a few minutes .
Level C and save your game .
a closeup , then click on the crates for a closeup inside that
Click ontransmitto remove the biocontainer
A 60 second counter is initiated because , as Gowddeln
it has been withdrawn
the gas tank and open the valve on the gas tank .
get the memorizer again and highlight the container code
then click ontransmitto close the container .
the door and use the STD card to open it , then go to the elevator and call it .
an intruder alarm may sound
but ignore it and hurry into the elevator as soon as you can .
soon as you can .
you exit look for a door on the right .
you are recognized as the Ward and allowed to enter the Security room .
you are recognized as the Ward
you put in the container on Level D
he opens it he is laid out by the escaping gas .
it is from a Reptoid trying to get to you
the console , switch to Bloom , and click on the EXIT button .
when Bloom is out of his cryobooth , click on the red elevator call button
Bloom is out of his cryobooth
then on the yellow elevator door button .
it continues to show WAIT
that means that Walker has to deal with an elevator request from the Reptoid .
the console , and deny the request from Level E. Step back , switch to Bloom , and have him try again to call the elevator .
you are quick enough Walker will see an elevator
Level C. Approve this request and have Bloom go to Level D
he will find the gassed Reptoid
lying in front of the open container .
it is not explicitly stated
and there is no counter visible
, but you have a limited time to pursue the following series
actions before the Reptoid outside Security sends some sort of lethal drone flying through the scanner and brings the game to an end
the Reptoid outside Security sends some sort of lethal drone flying through the scanner
so you had better move as expeditiously as you can , saving your game often .
expeditiously as you can , saving your game often .
you can , saving your game often
the Reptoid by the container and Bloom will get his gold SEC card .
the door and go all the way down the corridor to locate the door on the left just before the elevator .
this is the door to Life Support
and may be opened using the SEC card .
we arrive at Draco system
before , approve his request while continuing denial of elevator request from Level E. Switch to Bloom in the elevator and select Level C. Go to his cryobooth and click on the small cyan mark that brings up the booth control panel .
that is observed to happen
appear on lower left screen .
Vitrifax control and enter the Vitrifax .
and he is destroyed .
return to the control panel and disengage the security lock , then leave through the scanner
and call the elevator .
but not into the Cargo Bay , and enter the door on the left .
the scanner and you will be greeted by the ship 's computer
talking with the computer there will be a video taking you to the Holy Mountain on Draco .
the computer there will be a video taking you to the Holy Mountain on Draco
you again gain control , follow the red forward movement cursor across bridges and up an elevator to a portal in the center of a pathway .
the portal and an animated disk called a FLOW appears ; click on this and a video takes you to the final puzzle .
must be changed from colorless to different colors .
doubtless there is a pattern to do this , but if you keep clicking on a central animation called a TELEPORT
you keep clicking on a central animation
it appears , then on a colorless crystal
( unless there are only colored ones ) , you will eventually solve this puzzle
there are only colored ones
signified by a very long enigmatic concluding video , and the credits roll .
I played The Ward .
I would rather not have had to adjust .
they are my personal observations
and others may well disagree
and I readily admit that I could have missed something that would nullify my objections .
I could have missed something that would nullify my objections
Walker is given a medallion ( called a secret sign in inventory ) by the Fraction to help him identify a secret ally in the Mars Colony called the Nexus ; whenever he tries this he is told not to show it , and when he does show it to the person who turns out to be the Nexus , he will not admit to recognition .
him identify a secret ally in the Mars Colony called the Nexus ; whenever he tries this he is told not to show it , and when he does show it to the person who turns out to be the Nexus , he will not admit to recognition
the Mars Colony called the Nexus
he does show it to the person who turns out to be the Nexus
it a Communicator , as did the Fraction aliens when they present it to him , and that it contains an important message .
they present it to him , and that it contains an important message
; and we are not told by whom & mdash ; and we never find out what the message is .
& mdash ; and we never find out what the message is .
is .
, it is not needed to identify the Nexus because Jessica
tells Walker that it is Holbrook .
there appears a box that says & quot
You quickly page through the diary and discover something of interest near the end. & quot ; I must have missed something because no matter how quickly I paged , all I found was another box that said all the rest of the pages are blank
the end. & quot ; I must have missed something because no matter how quickly I paged
quickly I paged
we got to know the people
the Mars Human colony & mdash ; not all admirable
but I for one would like to know what became of them .
about the Quickener that Walker was to find ?
first arriving on the space ship , to take the elevator between levels you only had to call it and indicate the level ; later when Walker is in Security , approval has to be given to use it .
Walker is in Security , approval
, but it is inconsistent .
he launches a lethal drone if not thwarted
can he be kept at bay by denying the Level E elevator request ?
there is much effort in getting the crystal cone and putting it into Walker & rsquo
it is a Maker & rsquo
inventory calls it an object
he boards the space ship , after which it is no longer there .
it is no longer there
There is mystery here
this game displays much originality , but there are places where it seems to me that the conversation does not flow all that smoothly , and I think the same
it seems to me that the conversation
smoothly , and I think the same
can be said for the action .
the former might be attributed to the fact that the names showing in the credits indicate that the game originated in eastern Europe
and words may have suffered in translation .
, I contend that it also suffers from what happens in many Adventure games
it also suffers from what happens in many Adventure games
: a weak ending that gives the impression of running out of steam and being quickly brought to an unsatisfactory conclusion just for the sake of ending .
Witchen =O ) February 2 , 2001 `` Your name is David Walker .
you are a member of the Apollo XIX crew.
& nbsp ; Your mission is to collect information
unexpected seismic events detected on the Moon 's
surface. & nbsp ; It should 've been a smooth
routine assignment. & nbsp ; As you near the completion of your task
, the whole world goes berserk. & nbsp ; Something kills your fellow crewmen
without warning , and apparently without much effort .
and now it is coming for you. & nbsp
During the course of this adventure , you will learn that your true mission is given to you by ancient forces
You will discover that your mission and your identity are coded inside your very being
You will discover that your mission
, you will make the final step
. ''
Fragile Bits. & nbsp ; And friends , Ray Ivey and Lone Lines !
play after selecting a NEW game from the menu : 1 .
you play the game
easy mode , you will be given the option to skip all major logical
All you have to do is find the SKIP
click on it .
you press F9 and press CTRL/SHIFT/E simultaneously , you can switch between easy and normal modes
normal mode , you have to solve everything by yourself
the major puzzles. & nbsp ; Do n't despair .
a little LOGIC and determination , it is easily conquered .
This is an unique mode which will play through the first bit of the game for you. & nbsp
At any point , you can hit ESCAPE and start playing yourself
or , you can advance the action to the next puzzle
using the space bar .
___________________SAVE YOUR GAME VERY OFTEN !
________________ INTRODUCTION You will first view the introductory movie where you , David Walker , are traveling along
you , David Walker , are traveling along
the moon rover , where you are out performing measurements to track seismic activity. & nbsp ; You are able to complete your assignment and are on your way back to base with some samples , when your partners , Higgins and Lewis , are both suddenly killed by an aggressive enemy attack from outer space. & nbsp ; You will briefly see a huge , green glow on the horizon. & nbsp
you are out performing measurements to track seismic activity.
your partners , Higgins and Lewis , are both suddenly killed by an aggressive enemy attack from outer space. & nbsp ; You will briefly see a huge , green glow on the horizon.
; You immediately call for help from headquarters at Houston
Texas and then lose consciousness. & nbsp ; You dream ... ..or are you dreaming ... .. ?
you come to , you are alone inside a damaged cabin of some kind .
you are alone inside a damaged cabin of some kind .
there are a couple of control panels on the left wall
, a couple of dead bodies lying on cots
, and there 's a strange collar
or necklace apparatus around your neck. & nbsp ; As you become more cognizant
you realize there is a sphere of some kind floating overhead .
there is a sphere of some kind floating overhead
You will see what looks like a blueprint or chart of some kind. & nbsp
the grid and you will see a red bar appear at the top
It will display the game
You ca n't understand all this yet
You see a small slot
Or do you
No , there 's nothing there that will fit in the slot
uncomfortable looking necklace you have around your neck. & nbsp ; Put your inventory screen away by right clicking again .
your neck. & nbsp ; Put your inventory screen away by right clicking again .
you see an alien body lying on a cot.
it again when you are in the close
you are in the close
It looks like an acorn that has been separated in the middle
the Med Card is still rotating , right click to place it in inventory and exit the close up window by clicking on the X in the lower right corner. & nbsp ; Right click again if you want to make sure the card displays in your inventory screen along side the necklace .
you want to make sure the card
close up , the human body on the opposite cot. & nbsp ; The body is badly mutilated
you can retrieve no item from it .
Could it be some kind of antigravity security
is supposed to observe or guard you ?
You may need it !
there 's another hatch in the rear middle of this cabin
now , use your Med Card on the red sensor to the right of the hatch where you entered. & nbsp ; It activates the screen to the right
you entered. & nbsp
it operates the suspended surgical
It looks dangerous. & nbsp ; Use the close up screen 's control panel to lower the equipment from the ceiling
It also displays a red sensor at upper left.
You see a close
You are n't able to decipher the language or use the panel. & nbsp ; So , exit it. & nbsp
they are filled with jars of some sort of tissue. & nbsp
You ca n't access the cabinets and you probably do n't want to
You ca n't access
you can see Walker standing at the entry .
you get them
releases the sample from the microscope .
looks human and code the bio container ( pulsating matter ) you see on the platform in the center of the cabin to match your own.
sample with beams ( you will see activated at the bio container position ) .
you will see activated at the bio container position
looks like human blood and you use all the available buttons.
you are finished remove the blood
take theGLOWING LENSout of the microscope .
; Do n't worry , the emergency lights will come on in about 10 seconds .
you want to , go around the periphery of the cabin and check out all the screens and consoles .
you want to , go around the periphery of the cabin
them are usable to your advantage .
your Med Card on the left side hatch sensor and enter another passageway.
& nbsp ; Stay right where you are as you witness a laser battle between one of our now familiar little aliens and some unseen enemy lurking down
you are as you witness a laser battle between one of our now familiar little aliens
you witness a laser battle between one of our now familiar little aliens
you see a pause in the firing pattern
the laser fire carefully , go back into the passageway and get theGREEN RINGfrom the body of the alien lying nearby .
, go back to the door and click on the blue sensor to determine that you need additional lighting of some kind to get the sensor to operate. & nbsp ; You have no flashlite
you need additional lighting of some kind to get the sensor to operate. & nbsp
or anything like that. & nbsp ; So , it looks like you 'll have to try that Glowing Lens from the microscope .
, it looks like you 'll have to try that Glowing Lens from the microscope
you 'll have to try that Glowing Lens from the microscope
You will see three wire
All three circuits are now functional
the three red circuits are three horizontally placed
Does it look to you like the insignia on those rings you have been gathering might fit in there
You must correctly match the color positioning of all three rings
there is no established
There is some sort of timer device running on the right side of the panel
you wait too long you will have to start the ring color sequence over again .
you get one green line showing at the bottom of the display
, you have the first color
sequence correctly placed. & nbsp ;
combination does n't work
, try C B G or another. & nbsp ;
You ca n't use the same color of ring twice in one sequence.
& nbsp ; When you get two green lines to appear simultaneously on the lower display , the little alien , who is still feverishly firing his laser
you get two green lines
will toss you a fourthRED RINGfrom his position .
you a fourthRED RINGfrom his position
: If you have your inventory screen up you may miss seeing the Red Ring. & nbsp ; It is laying to the right of your feet.
you have your inventory screen up you may miss seeing the Red Ring. & nbsp
& nbsp ; Pick it up. & nbsp
you will have to try to find out which of the rings in the sequence you should replace with the Red Ring. & nbsp ; If you remember the last combination success with this last challenge should n't take more than three tries to figure out where the Red Ring goes in the third sequence. & nbsp ; But , in any case , you will get it by trial and error. & nbsp
of the rings in the sequence you should replace with the Red Ring.
you remember the last combination success with this last challenge should n't take more than three tries to figure out where the Red Ring goes in the third sequence.
the Red Ring goes in the third sequence.
any case , you will get it by trial and error.
; REMEMBER THE VERY LAST COLOR SEQUENCE and write it down as quickly as you can .
the doors open and your cursor is free
put `` off line .
& nbsp ; If you are caught by the drone
you are caught by the drone
go back to your last save game at the Ring Puzzle and reenter the correct codes to open the door again .
Go to the far end of the center table .
the right end of the center table .
The memorizer panel will rise from a larger rectangular panel on the top of the table
it a bit to find you ca n't do anything logical with it yet. & nbsp ; & nbsp ; TheMEMORIZERremote goes into your inventory .
it yet. & nbsp
the entry doors. & nbsp ; The upper central display shows you the same strange chart you accessed in the first cabin .
You 've probably figured out by now that its the Moon Base map you are looking at and your position is indicated by the flashing green cross. & nbsp
now that its the Moon Base map you are looking at and your position is indicated by the flashing
The flashing red symbols are live aliens
threw you the Red Ring. & nbsp ; The circulating red diamond symbols designate a security drone .
the green symbols are security robots.
& nbsp ; As yet , you do not know what the red cross in the upper right corner of the chart is .
the red cross in the upper right corner of the chart is .
live human being ?
you and see that it has a ring slot.
it has a ring slot.
Do you have the correct ring for accessing the console
them will prove that you do not
you do not
or , maybe you have the right ring
but something else needs to be accomplished first .
Clicking on the many buttons , screens and switches is useless
the rear of the room and enter another cabin .
here might be a good safety precaution .
look around the room , checking out various consoles and screens. & nbsp ; On the back wall you will find a large screen with an interesting looking alien symbol. & nbsp ; And , another smaller screen beside it which displays undecipherable alien language , all in red. & nbsp ; In the front screen section of the cabin , you see another hologram projector device. & nbsp ; This time installed in a cot.
displays undecipherable alien language , all in red. & nbsp ; In the front screen section of the cabin , you see another hologram
& nbsp ; Behind the cot is another display of consoles and screens .
but , none of them are accessible. & nbsp
; After you have looked
use you Security Card ( red and blue ) on the door on the left side of the room. & nbsp ; You will exit to find yourself in what appears to be a long corridor which is lined with stone walls .
you Security Card ( red and blue ) on the door on the left side of the room. & nbsp ; You will exit to find yourself in what appears to be a long corridor which is lined with stone walls
`` & nbsp ; You recognize it from the symbol on one of the screens in the security
control room you have just left at the other end of the corridor .
now notice that another plate has appeared in the same place.
& nbsp ; Click on it. & nbsp ; This time the plate lights up and a shower
fairy dust '' twinkling lights appears and the plate
transforms itself. & nbsp ; Then , it moves directly away from you. & nbsp ; If you place your cursor over the new reddish
it moves directly away from you. & nbsp
you place your cursor over the new reddish
floating object , it reads , `` tiles .
the mouse button down for a few seconds. & nbsp ; Walker will walk over and take the object. & nbsp ; Put theTILES & nbsp ; along with theCRYSTAL CONEin your inventory with the first Plate. & nbsp
; ( If you click now on the circle of reddish lights around the wall , you will note that it is now called
you click now on the circle of reddish lights around the wall
it is now called
you will get hints as you try to duplicate the proper color , shape and sequence of placing the 4 required tiles on the engraving. & nbsp ; Here are the hints in order:0. & nbsp ; & nbsp
you try to duplicate the proper
; Those tiles are some sort of color invertors.1/13 .
it seems that tile order is very essential.2. & nbsp
only two colors overlap.3. & nbsp
only triangles overlap.4. & nbsp
Yellow we have.10
the right place at the right time. & nbsp ; Both circles and both triangles can be interchanged in the circular
all four pieces you are going to use , can be changed. & nbsp ; You have to find the RIGHT circles in Cyan
And , you have to place them at the right time
remember , you can skip this puzzle
you are in EASY mode
it yourself
But remember it has to be the right circle/triangle and right color in the right place : 1
But remember it has to be the right circle/triangle
Here you should see a black bow shaped color appear under the eye.4
you solve this puzzle , you will experience some strange
you learn about & nbsp
For the first time , you find you are called Ward. & nbsp
You are given aCOMMUNICATOR , and you are told you must seek out The Nexus at Cydonia
, and you are told you must seek out The Nexus at Cydonia
You ask for some protection and the aliens give you someEXTRA AMMUNITION
You ask for some protection
order that the dreaded Reptoids are unable to find it. & nbsp
The aliens bid you a hasty farewell , as they are in danger too , and you set off on your mission
they are in danger
You ca n't save your game now , until after the upcoming action sequence .
You ca n't save your game
you get to the corridor with the stone walls again , move down to the opposite door as quickly as possible .
you get to the corridor with the stone walls
quickly as possible
walker ca n't run. & nbsp
; More is the pity .
soon as soon as you can see it
A close up of the sensor
, if not sooner , use the Three Rings in the same sequence you last used when you opened & nbsp
not sooner , use the Three Rings in the same sequence
you opened & nbsp
; the massive doors earlier. & nbsp ; Did you write it down ? & nbsp ; My code is Blue , Green , Red ... ... ..but since it is a random code , that may or may not work for you .
Did you write it down
it is a random code
an assaulting security drone , and a few additional spins down the corridor , you will get the knack
you do succeed in getting that door
the door , once you are facing the door inside the cabin .
the red symbol and click on it. & nbsp ; Now , you can read the alien language with no problem. & nbsp ; Maybe it was that Techno Virus you ingested involuntarily. & nbsp ; And , you learn about using humans to find some mysterious artifact. & nbsp ; You do n't need to read all this stuff to successfully complete the game .
no problem. & nbsp ; Maybe it was that Techno Virus you ingested involuntarily. & nbsp
Techno Virus you ingested involuntarily. & nbsp
but , it is interesting
and informative in developing the back story .
the security control area , where the big hologram projector is. & nbsp ; Go back over to the console closest to the oppostie hatch. & nbsp ; ( In transit , you notice that the security drone 's laser attack on you has damaged the glass between the two rooms .
the big hologram projector is. & nbsp ; Go back over to the console closest to the oppostie hatch. & nbsp ; ( In transit , you notice that the security
you has damaged the glass between the two rooms
remember the console there on the right side has a ring slot ?
& nbsp ; Use any of your rings to bring up the chart .
about the base , its occupants and its functions. & nbsp ; You will also learn a little about what has recently occurred at the Moon Base.
red overlay of lines we talked about earlier designated an activated security system. & nbsp ; The oval shaped nodes , near the center , are the controllers. & nbsp ; If you click on the four in the center , they will shut down ... turn blue .
you click on the four in the center , they will shut down
there are two control
nodes you ca n't manipulate .
using the four central controllers you need to isolate the two red diamond
patrol drones from the area of the ventilation system that you will need to navigate to accomplish the tasks The Fraction assigned to you. & nbsp
you will need to navigate to accomplish the tasks
; You must see to it that they can not gain access to the cabin
they can not gain access to the cabin
you first awakened at the Moon Base
the best way , I found , is to leave the upper node in blue and close in the drones so they have to go up to the top of the screen there.
they have to go up to the top of the screen
& nbsp ; Then activate the node ( red ) so they ca n't get back down to the four way intersection. & nbsp ; They will patrol together vertically there until you come back to reconfigure the security system. & nbsp ; You will need to get up there to the first cabin .
they ca n't get back down to the four way intersection. & nbsp ; They will patrol together vertically there until you come back to reconfigure the security system. & nbsp
They will patrol together vertically there until you come back to reconfigure the security
you come back to reconfigure the security
but there is something
else you must do first .
see the green anchor shaped robot symbol moving over on the left side of the screen ?
& nbsp ; And , there 's another immobile one just like it over on the right side .
it over on the right
the display the two patrol zones he is assigned to. & nbsp
He will obligingly travel right up to that point and stop
it wo n't budge. & nbsp
you , but you do have a laser gun.
the laser gun click the gun on the bright pink capsule you got from the aliens as Extra Ammunition.
It falls away and you are able to enter the ventilation ducts
you get to the crossroad
you reach him , use the Blade from your inventory to remove theROBOT HANDon your left ( the robot 's right hand )
now , use your Memorizer , from inventory , and use the scroll arrows to indicate you want & nbsp
It looks like white lines and buttons
you woke up , so you 'd better be sure that you have routed the red security drones so they ca n't get into this area .
you 'd better be sure that you have routed the red security drones so they ca n't get into this area .
sure that you have routed the red security drones so they ca n't get into this area .
you have routed the red security drones so they ca n't get into this area .
they ca n't get into this area
any time , you are blocked in here by a red flash of `` solid air '' you will have to go back to the chart and reprogram the security nodes to open for you .
here by a red flash of `` solid air '' you will have to go back to the chart and reprogram the security nodes to open for you .
`` solid air '' you will have to go back to the chart
. ''
you come to the grate , use your Robot Hand to unscrew the two top screws and use the handles to pull the grate free .
you come to the grate
you go to the console
the far right end of the room and use your Med Card
it , you will see you can now understand the alien writing in the close up.
& nbsp ; Click on Obductee 's Menu , after reading the contents of the Personnel Menu and Last Action report ( which reveals that your moon party , including Higgins and Lewis
we destroyed by a tractor beam ) .
the Obductee 's Menu , its pretty obvious you want to click on Security Beacon Necklace Removal , right ? & nbsp ; When you do , you are advised that the necklace will remain active even though it has been removed. & nbsp ; The message advises you then to approach utiliturretA with `` subject .
the Obductee 's Menu , its pretty obvious you want to click on Security Beacon Necklace Removal , right ?
you do , you are advised that the necklace will remain active even though it has been removed. & nbsp
it has been removed. & nbsp
& nbsp ; Of course
that 's our old pal with the red light in his helmet .
& nbsp ; to the medical robot .
the robot will automatically remove the necklace.
& nbsp ; Put theNECKLACEin your inventory and use your Med Card
to return out to the passageway. & nbsp ; Climb up into the ventilation ducts
again and make your way back through the shaft to the security
you entered the vent system
alter the route of the two patrolling red drones to allow you access to the robot in checkpointexch.2 .
the ventilation shaft , left at the intersection and left again when you come to the wall .
you come to the wall
you face the active robot.
You must recieve a `` Transmit CRC ok '' message to verify this has occurred properly. & nbsp
You must recieve a `` Transmit CRC ok
Put the Necklace on the robots uplifted arm and go back to the security control room
Sector 103 ( all four patrol positions on the close up display should be lit if you transmitted Sectors 102 and 103 successfully ) and send the little robot happily off to Sector 103
all four patrol positions on the close up display should be lit if you transmitted Sectors 102 and 103 successfully
you transmitted Sectors 102 and 103 successfully
on a wild goose chase , you can actually use the exit hatch in the control
back into the microscope area , the Micro Lab .
have told you , that you must first successfully hide the Crystal Cone in the bio container in order to escape with it to Mars .
you must first successfully hide the Crystal Cone in the bio container in order to escape with it to Mars
But , now you need to scramble the code to open the bio container , so only you can access it. & nbsp
But , now you need to scramble the code
Hit Transmit and receive a string of zeros , ( 0000000000 ) as the open code
you only need to write down the first three to five digits or letters. & nbsp
you have already accidentally generated the Memorizer 's
previously learning to operate the Memorizer ( as I did )
I did
those you see and write it down .
it is for the bio container. & nbsp ; There 's another container coming up later
the bio container. & nbsp ; There 's another container coming up later
You should now see the new scramble
the bio container , with the precious Crystal Cone , is rather painfully absorbed through your left palm and into your body. & nbsp ; SAVE YOUR GAME .
exit the Memorizer. & nbsp ; And , using your Med Card go back out through the hatch
you just came in , to the left of the pedestal. & nbsp ; When you are standing in the passageway , put your Med Card away. & nbsp ; Then , get out your Memorizer again and scroll to Sec .
, to the left of the pedestal. & nbsp ; When you are standing in the passageway , put your Med Card away. & nbsp ; Then , get out your Memorizer again and scroll to Sec .
you are standing in the passageway
it is in the inventory line. & nbsp
You will need it in a big hurry
is it reasonably safe to go up screen to the open area at Walker 's right. & nbsp ; As soon as you enter what turns out to be the landing bay , get out your Memorizer and hit Transmit to send Sec.Level 6 to the floating security sphere and disable it. & nbsp ;
you enter what turns out to be the landing bay
If you do n't do this , it will zap you into infinity almost immediately .
you do n't do this
you proceed. & nbsp
and , pick up anOXYGEN MASKto
his right. & nbsp ; Put them in your inventory. & nbsp ; Then : 1 .
get out your Memorizer and scroll to comm.link to the container ( NOT bio container ) .
& nbsp ; Hit Transmit , then Receive to see and receive the container code .
the code , making sure you do n't accidentally duplicate the scrambled code for the bio container when you placed it inside you. & nbsp ; ( My container code was 582wix ... ... .. ) 3 .
you placed it inside you. & nbsp ; ( My container code was 582wix ... ... .. )
My container code was 582wix ... ... ..
you go in the container
( off to right screen ) you need to change the biocontainer code again for when it was absorbed inside you .
it was absorbed inside you .
open the Memorizer , find the container code ( listed under Sec.Level 6 probably ) and Transmit ( to air ) the container code. & nbsp ; it will activate the container doors
and they will close .
: & nbsp ; During the following cutscene IF you arrive on Mars and are immediately shot by the Grays
and the bio container is extracted from your crumpled body
the bio container code and you did n't program it correctly in the landing bay.
& nbsp ; If this happens , you need to go back and rescramble the bio
container code so it is not the same as the code
you used to place it in your body.
Just make sure you keep moving ; talk to everyone , do everything available to do ( gambing , puzzles , etc
you can choose to be surly and uncooperative yourself , if you wish. & nbsp ; But , it may cause you more trouble. & nbsp
you wish. & nbsp ; But , it may cause you
; Your cleverest choices in conversation will determine how quickly you are able to complete this level .
quickly you are able to complete this level
you figure out who the `` bad guys '' are. & nbsp ; And , its probably not a good idea to show the secret stuff in your inventory to anyone , although you will be constantly prompted to `` show object .
the `` bad guys '' are. & nbsp ; And , its probably not a good idea to show the secret stuff in your inventory to anyone , although you will be constantly prompted to `` show object .
its probably not a good idea to show the secret stuff in your inventory to anyone
you will be constantly prompted to `` show object
Jack leaves you standing in front of the chamber door .
walk into the bed chamber and click on the bed. & nbsp ; You will immediately fall asleep and have a wild dream ( cutscene ) about finding The Quickener , about growing , and about owning the Universe. & nbsp ; When you wake up , click on the cabinet on the side wall before you exit the room. & nbsp ; You will see that this cabinet has a lock that involves a rather ominous looking slider puzzle. & nbsp ;
You will immediately fall asleep and have a wild dream ( cutscene ) about finding The Quickener
you wake up , click on the cabinet on the side wall before you exit the room. & nbsp ; You will see that this cabinet has a lock that involves
you exit the room.
You need something to complete the puzzle
so do n't worry about it now .
You can try the hatch upscreen to the right , but you ca n't get in. & nbsp
You can try the hatch upscreen to the right
You may see humans periodically appearing and disappearing as you move about
you move about
almost no one will speak with you .
you come to a screen
Keep going and enter the rear door with the green sensor .
you meet the Brazilian lavatory attendant , Sebastian Mezenga. & nbsp
; You can respond to him with `` Do I look that bad ?
`` Do I look that bad ?
& nbsp ; and leave for now
or you can talk to him and ask him `` What is happening here ?
or you can talk to him
you want to know. & nbsp
Choose `` tell me about Marshall .
& nbsp ; He tells you of his own abduction and how Marshall and Jack Ripper : ) abuse the abductees ( people ) in the Colony. & nbsp ; He tells you that people are not talking to you because Marshall has apparently made an exception
Marshall and Jack Ripper : ) abuse the abductees ( people ) in the Colony. & nbsp ; He tells you that people are not talking to you because Marshall has apparently made an exception
you by not taking away all your stuff.
& nbsp ; And , you are still wearing your flight suit
which is highly valuable at the Colony .
You also find out that Slash
he and Ripper & nbsp ; are very dangerous. & nbsp ; The Greys have put Marshall
his dictator position and they are really in charge. & nbsp ; The Greys perform experiments on humans.
someone died oozing a golden
The Controllers tried to clean it up
of the abductees supposedly got a small sample before they accomplished the clean up .
they accomplished the clean up
sebastian tells you there are about 40 people left at the Colony.
& nbsp ; Some died in a useless revolution
and others seemed to just disappear permanently. & nbsp
; Jessice Blaze is a prominent human.
& nbsp ; Sebastian also mentions Dr. Morgan , the Preacher , and the Fortune-Teller. & nbsp ; These are definitely
people you want to talk to soon. & nbsp
; You also learn from Sebastian
you are in an abandoned portion of the Reptoid Mars base
and that both Marshall and Ripper have guns .
You know , the one the little Fraction aliens gave Walker after the Floating Tile Puzzle. & nbsp
, the one the little Fraction aliens gave Walker after the Floating Tile Puzzle. & nbsp
I would n't necessarily advise you to do that
but , if you do choose to show the Symbol to Sebastian , however , he will tell you NOT to show it to anyone else
you do choose to show the Symbol to Sebastian
maybe , Hacker .
you hear the church
bells ring three times
and you are transported to the church automatically.
& nbsp ; Jessica Blaze whispers in your ear
she wants to meet with you after the church service
outside the church or in the Casino. & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Outside the church , Ripper confronts you and tells you that Marshall wants to talk to you. & nbsp ; You have to go with him and when you do , he resoundingly beats the daylights out of you and uses his gun ( apparently at stun level ) on you. & nbsp ; He definitely does n't want you hanging around Jessica .
Outside the church , Ripper confronts you and tells you that Marshall wants to talk to you. & nbsp
him and when you do , he resoundingly beats the daylights out of you and uses his gun ( apparently at stun level ) on you. & nbsp ; He definitely does n't want you hanging around Jessica .
you do , he resoundingly beats the daylights out of you and uses his gun
, he resoundingly beats the daylights out of you and uses his gun
you and uses his gun
you will awaken to find yourself talking to a man in a white coat , & nbsp
Dr. Morgan , we presume. & nbsp
Talk to him just briefly and he will disappear. & nbsp
Walk back to the left two screens and enter the hatch nearest you on the other side of the room. & nbsp ; Its the Casino ( and piano bar ) : )
He tells you he will talk to you later
you get there. & nbsp ; Talk to Jessica ( in the black shorts outfit ) .
She fills you in a bit about the peoples '
you and that you appear to be in line with Marshall , and the bad guys , because you still have that flight suit. & nbsp ; She tells you to meet her to talk more in the Casino.
you still have that flight suit.
, go back there .
there talk to Hacker , the guy in the black shirt and purple tie , again
there talk to Hacker , the guy in the black shirt
the bio containers. & nbsp ; You also learn that its dangerous to carry one inside
they begin to deteriorate. & nbsp ; Uh oh !
Jake 's radio is sitting on the counter behind him , in case you want to check it out .
him , in case you want to check it out
Rosa Martinez ( white shirt and jeans ) shows up , you can also talk to her. & nbsp ; She is suspicious of the Preacher and Doctor Morgan .
, you can also talk to her. & nbsp ; She is suspicious of the Preacher and Doctor Morgan
, you can also talk to her. & nbsp
the Casino. & nbsp ; If the doctor is in there , he 'll want to talk to you out in the Casino. & nbsp ; Follow him out there. & nbsp ; You will learn a lot from the good doctor about Rita , the Preacher , the Reptoids and Greys , and the so-called Rebellion .
the doctor is in there , he 'll want to talk to you out in the Casino. & nbsp ; Follow him out there. & nbsp
there , he 'll want to talk to you out
the Casino. & nbsp ; Follow him out there. & nbsp
Remember you do n't have to talk to any of these people in a set pattern , just so you get the plot to keep moving along by continually moving and questioning one person after another
a set pattern , just so you get the plot
the Fortune Telling Room and talk to Rita Mayden about escaping ( special implants are needed to be able to use the speeders ) . & nbsp ; You also discover that there are two groups of human. & nbsp ; Some are subjected to experiments and other are not. & nbsp ; A control group , of sorts. & nbsp ; You tell Rita the story of your abuction. & nbsp ; Afterward , check the cabinet on the right. & nbsp ; Whoops !
special implants are needed to be able to use the speeders
You also discover that there are two groups of human. & nbsp
there are two groups of human. & nbsp
You tell Rita the story of your abuction. & nbsp ; Afterward , check the cabinet on the right. & nbsp
you win both theGAMBLER 'S CARDand theHALF A CARD ( Pager 's ) .
you win both theGAMBLER
you do n't know how to play the game
your inventory , the : bio container-red glowsecret symbolyour personal cardC.S.M .
you win it back
she said she 'd meet you later , have a good long talk with her .
you later , have a good long talk with her .
rita fills you in .
& nbsp ; A lot of it you have already heard from one person or another. & nbsp ; But , she does put across that
it you have already heard from one person
the Reptoids are very scary. & nbsp ; Much more so than the Greys. & nbsp
; She tells you about how she was abducted and about the biological clones put on Earth to replace people who are abducted. & nbsp
she was abducted and about the biological clones put on Earth
; She thinks the US Government
in the form of the MIB ( Men In Black ) , are working with the aliens .
this lengthy discussion with Jessica , leave the Casino and walk around and talk to whoever you meet on the way across to the church .
you might see Jake/Radioman before you leave the Casino. & nbsp ; These people do zip around ! & nbsp ; If you do see him , talk to him again about the MIB. & nbsp
you leave the Casino.
These people do zip around !
you do see him
; Jake will fill you in on how the MIB work with the aliens to enable the abduction of people for experiments .
the MIB work with the aliens
you get back to the church
He wants to meet with you in his room
you ... '' this is business
You are led to Marshall 's
All he does is give you a pep talk and warn you about not talking to the people at the Colony
you a pep talk and warn you about not talking to the people at the Colony
the main entrance. & nbsp ; The door to the right of the main entrance is the Preacher 's room .
he 's not there yet , wander around and talk to anyone who crosses your path. & nbsp ; Sebastian is a good target .
there yet , wander around and talk to anyone who crosses your path. & nbsp ; Sebastian is a good target .
crosses your path. & nbsp ; Sebastian is a good target
you have n't talked to him for a while.
& nbsp ; If you run across him he will probably tell you that the Casino is safe and there may be some sort of secret passageway in there somewhere .
you run across him he will probably tell you that the Casino is safe
him he will probably tell you that the Casino is safe
there somewhere .
Anytime now , you will get a message from someone that the Preacher is in his room and is ready to talk to you. & nbsp
You have a long talk with the Preacher and find out that the Reptoids may be trying to exterminate humanity all together.
You also find out that Pager was Jessica 's boyfriend , Douglas
The Preacher has an interesting closet in his room too , with a slider puzzle .
now , leave and go into the church to talk to Rosa Martinez. & nbsp ; She will tell you about her implant
happened while you were on the Moon Base .
you were on the Moon Base
go to the lavatory and ask Sebastian about the Holy Mountain Rosa mentioned to you. & nbsp ;
Leave and go wander around till
you can talk to Jessica
again and then meet her in the Casino.
& nbsp ; Ask her everything. & nbsp ; Talk to people and watch for an opportunity to see Rita leave her Fortune Telling room and forget to lock it. & nbsp ; You need to get in there privately. & nbsp ;
there privately. & nbsp
you have n't had a long conversation
her yet , in the Fortune Telling Room
do it now .
afterward , you just have to keep moving and talking and biding your time ( it wo n't be long )
it wo n't be long
the Preacher tells you to go talk to Rita
again in her room. & nbsp ; She should be gone this time
with the door left unlocked. & nbsp ; Go in and take the Tarot cards off the counter ; THE WHEEL OF FORTUNE , THE KING OF PENTACLESand theDEATH CARD .
and take the Tarot cards off the counter ;
the storage cabinet to the right. & nbsp ; The card has the solution for the slider puzzle lock .
pressing F9 and the CTRL/SHIFT/E keys. & nbsp ; In Easy mode , you can use the bar at the top of the puzzle screen to skip the & nbsp ; puzzle .
Easy mode , you can use the bar at the top of the puzzle screen to skip the & nbsp
you can also save your game
go back in and auto solve ( skip ) the puzzle to see what it should look like , then go back into your saved game and try to solve it yourself. & nbsp ; There 's lots of flexibility here .
and auto solve ( skip ) the puzzle to see what it should look like , then go back into your saved game and try to solve it yourself. & nbsp ; There 's lots of flexibility here
it should look like , then go back into your saved game and try to solve it yourself. & nbsp
, then go back into your saved game and try to solve it yourself. & nbsp
you exit the puzzle screen , the door to the cabinet will open. & nbsp ; Move the books on the second shelf down to see a red sensor with a small slot .
notice the vertical bar code down the center , barely visible
You will see a door
Or , at least one of them
you are inside the Secret Chambers
you have n't for a while. & nbsp
onto the floor revealing another red sensor
You can try all your cards.
None will work
; As usual , he 'll want to meet you back in the Casino.
him the Pager half card. & nbsp ; Leave the Casino
Jake gives you a message , find Rita and talk to her. & nbsp ; Or , you can talk to the doctor again at this point , if he appears. & nbsp ; He 'll tell you about Webber. & nbsp ; Someone we have n't heard of at all until now .
you a message , find Rita and talk to her. & nbsp ; Or , you can talk to the doctor again at this point , if he appears. & nbsp ; He 'll tell you about Webber. & nbsp ; Someone we have n't heard of at all until now .
you can talk to the doctor again at this point
he appears. & nbsp ; He 'll tell you about Webber. & nbsp ; Someone we have n't heard
Rita and meet her back in the Fortune Telling room .
her about finding the secret passage after she carelessly left the door unlocked .
she carelessly left the door unlocked .
, leave to find Rosa in the church. & nbsp ; She tells you the other half of the Pager card is in Slash 's room , next to your own. & nbsp ;
She tells you the other half of the Pager card is in Slash 's
She gives you aNOTEwith the combination to Slash 's locker .
Or use the solve/skip or other options decribed above for the slider puzzles .
SLASH 'S LOCKER SLIDER PUZZLE SOLUTION You should be able to get theOTHER HALF
OF PAGER 'S CARDfrom the locker. & nbsp ; Find Hacker immediately and then meet him in the Casino. & nbsp ; Give him both halves of the Pager card. & nbsp ; He will put the pieces back together and make them usable for you .
him in the Casino. & nbsp ; Give him both halves of the Pager card. & nbsp ; He will put the pieces back together and make them usable for you .
the Casino. & nbsp ; Give him both halves of the Pager card. & nbsp ; He will put the pieces
soon as you can find Jake the Radioman and he gives you the message that Hollbrook wants to see you. & nbsp ; Jake found a note on his radio.
you can find Jake the Radioman
its not necessary to speak with him right away .
the Preacher 's door , you 'll see its ajar .
I were you and maybe save your game
you get inside , the hatch will close and lock you in. & nbsp
, the hatch will close and lock you in. & nbsp
You 're trapped and the oxygen is deliberately being rapidly depleted from the cabin.
It does n't work. & nbsp ; Now:1
the right side of the picture frame ?
it to reveal the device that operates the bell system. & nbsp ; Open the top compartment with your screwdriver.4 .
the proper straight across way , not the X shape this time.7 .
way , not the X shape this time.7 .
your inventory on the fuse cap , now sitting on the shelf.8 .
you will be rescued in the upcoming cutscene.
& nbsp ; Hmmm , you find out that the Preacher did n't send that note Jake found attached to his radio .
& nbsp ; Hmmm , you find out that the Preacher
you talk to everyone. & nbsp
they leave before you can do that , go into the church and likely meet Hacker there. & nbsp ; He will give you theREPAIRED PAGER CARD. & nbsp
you can do that , go into the church and likely meet Hacker there. & nbsp ; He will give you theREPAIRED PAGER CARD. & nbsp
You 'll probably run into Jake again , or someone else will warn you to stay out of the Casino for a while.
You 'll probably run into Jake
his attempt to suffocate you failed. & nbsp
you need to .
jessica will tell you
all about what happened when Douglas ( Pager ) was abducted and about Professor Webber. & nbsp ; You find out that there are three kinds of implants : the language translator , the one used for mental control
Douglas ( Pager ) was abducted and about Professor Webber. & nbsp ; You find out that there are three kinds of implants : the language translator
there are three kinds of implants : the language translator
, and the third , an observation implant which is not used on human beings. & nbsp ; They work on Greys
which gives you an idea. & nbsp ; She also tells you her opinion about the MIB being controlled by the Greys rather than by the US Government. & nbsp ; She and Prof. Webber have devised a method called `` decompression '' to restore people 's minds .
by the US Government. & nbsp ; She and Prof. Webber have devised a method called `` decompression ''
you ask Jessica about someone called
She does n't know. & nbsp
Ask him about The Nexus. & nbsp ; He does n't know. & nbsp
He will tell you to ask Jessica or Rita about the Inner Circle
She 'll refer you to Preacher John. & nbsp
She knows very little but overheard something about a notebook. & nbsp ; Ask the doctor too
you the Inner Circle might have been part of the failed Rebellion at the human Colony .
Ask him to `` cover '' for you
and you do n't want anyone missing you .
the slider puzzle close up appears. & nbsp
the book fell off the box.
it will begin to shimmer
You 've found the secret door
the side table. & nbsp ; Open it .
look at the Star Chart on the inside cover. & nbsp ;
you are interested in more back story
read the journal .
jessica will come in. & nbsp
; She 'll fill you
some missing pieces. & nbsp ; You find out that Hollbrook
Preacher , is The Nexus. & nbsp ; In time , Jessica takes you to Preacher and you will learn the rest of the story .
him too , and find out about possible escape options
you and Jessica find yourselves inside
you come to the central core
The hatch releases and you 're in the panoramic core of the Colony , with the flight center ahead of you and the abyss around it. & nbsp ; See Jessica and Walker on the ramp mid-left there on your screen ? & nbsp ; Go to the smaller red entry up left on the screen. & nbsp
you and the abyss around it. & nbsp ; See Jessica and Walker on the ramp mid-left there on your screen ?
You will eventually find yourself in The Fraction headquarters
far right rear and use Pager 's card on the sparking white sensor left of the central panel. & nbsp ; Walk through the now liquid door. & nbsp ; Follow the light .
you 're in the Fraction 's headquarters for sure. & nbsp ; And , the fact that the Memorizer was captured , wo n't be a problem. & nbsp ; They will get you to Draco where the Holy Mountain is. & nbsp ; You are now formally recognized as The Ward by The Fraction High Council. & nbsp
sure. & nbsp ; And , the fact that the Memorizer was captured , wo n't be a problem.
the Holy Mountain is. & nbsp ; You are now formally recognized as The Ward by The Fraction High
; You learn that the Reptoids are definitely after the Techno Virus.
& nbsp ; You have to get it first. & nbsp ; And
you need to get the Memorizer back using another key card .
you need to get the Memorizer
suddenly , you are all brutally fired
mind controlled Greys ( The Controllers ) .
& nbsp ; Everyone is killed except you
Jessica and one member of the High Council , who gets you both back safely to the Colony. & nbsp ; & nbsp ; EPISODE III : THE UPRISING Talk to Preacher aka : The Nexus in his room. & nbsp ; You need to activate the bridge across the abyss and get that Memorizer back from the Control Room .
gets you both back safely to the Colony. & nbsp ; & nbsp ; EPISODE III : THE UPRISING Talk to Preacher aka : The Nexus in his room. & nbsp ; You need to activate the bridge across the abyss
you before you got to the Colony. & nbsp ; But now , Jake tells you to mingle and make yourself inconspicuous for a while
you got to the Colony.
